## Steering Committee Meeting 04/1/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   Yes    |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |   Yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |   Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |   Yes    |

Others: Alex, Ashwini

### Agenda:

* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * Remaining repos:
      * sklearn-onnx (Converters SIG), sigs (steering committee), working-groups (steering committee), onnx-tensorrt (nvidia)
      * Sheng to run tool on all the repos
      * PR for WGs, asked tensorRT for a follow up, sklearn approved and ready to be merged. 

* ONNX 1.9 release
    * On track with the plan.  
    * Release manager: Michal and Ewa (Intel)
    * Wiki: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/wiki/Logistics-for-ONNX-Release-1.9
    * Timeline:
      * 03/25 - finish implementation of opset14 in ORT (Almost done. Still waiting on one op)
      * 03/31 - Cut ONNX release branch, update ORT to commitid of release branch
      * 04/02 - ONNX release candidate published in pypi test| validation in ORT | community validation | converters validation
      * 04/12 - Ready for ONNX release

* March Meetup reflection
    * Feedback from attendees via survey 
    * Fewer attendees 
      * gather stats from LFAI on video clicks (Jim to follow up)
    * Similar content with good quality presentations. 
    * Upload playlist of videos to youtube/LFAI/BiliBili and promote the vidoes via social media 
      * Tag the authors on the video


* [Election](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/community/sc-election-guidelines.md) 
    * Post election notice on social media & github (Harry to create the blurb and post on FB. Prasanth to post on Twitter)
    * Announce candidates on 3rd Monday of April (4/19)
    * [Update list of contributors](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/elections/2020/list-contributors.md)
      * Update the list of contributors via slack by communicating with SIG chairs
   
