## Steering Committee Meeting 06/24/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   Yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   Yes    |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |   Yes    |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |   Yes    |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |   Yes    |

Others: Jim Spohrer, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

  #### ONNX Roadmap discussion
   - Email announcing roadmap discussion sent to aliases
   - Need to post on Slack
   - Need to post on website
   - Edit roadmap doc until July 16 (no edits have come in yet)
   - Discussions meetings to be setup after that
   - Topics for roadmap discussions:
     - Numpy + ONNX interops.

 #### Preprocessing and featurization in onnx graph
    - Mayank to help spin up a working group: identify owners and goal
    - Interest from IBM and Intel and Microsoft to participate as well
    - DALI folks from Nvidia had previously had a working group that is currently paused; we can restart it
    - Ashwini shared https://github.com/microsoft/onnxruntime-extensions
      
 #### Social Media
    - Continue posting 2 youtube videos each week
    - Social media access for steering committee (Jacqueline added to Twitter already; needs to add folks to Facebook)

 #### Community Meetup
    - Community Meetup in September?
      - need to find a host
      - check with steering committee companies first, then ask community
