## Steering Committee Meeting 03/18/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            | Yes      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | Yes      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            | Yes      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 | Yes      |

Others: Alexandre Eichenberger, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * Model zoo update merged [onnx/models#419]
    * Tutorial update merged [onnx/tutorials#233]
    * Thank you Sheng!
    * Remaining repos:
      * sklearn-onnx (Converters SIG), sigs (steering committee), working-groups (steering committee), onnx-tensorrt (nvidia)
      * Sheng to run tool on all the repos

* ONNX 1.9 release
    * Release manager: Michal and Ewa (Intel)
    * Wiki: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/wiki/Logistics-for-ONNX-Release-1.9
    * Timeline:
      * 03/25 - finish implementation of opset14 in ORT
      * 03/31 - Cut ONNX release branch, update ORT to commitid of release branch
      * 04/02 - ONNX release candidate published in pypi test| validation in ORT | community validation | converters validation
      * 04/12 - Ready for ONNX release

* March Meetup (China friendly)
    * Host: Ti Zhou (Baidu)
    * Time: March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * Schedule: https://events.linuxfoundation.org/lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-virtual-meetup-spring/program/schedule/
      * AI: Update schedule here (and elsewhere) to list Ganesan Ramalingam instead of Emad as co-chair of Operators SIG
    * Most community and SIG presenters have uploaded decks and recording.
      * Waiting on Model Zoo SIG and 5 other presentations missing either video or slides
      * AI (done): We should inform speakers that this is broadcasted on bilibili.
    * Over 100 people registered (about 50% from China)
      * LFAI doing another round of social posts
      * AI: reshare from ONNX social media ccounts (Prasanth)
      * share on internal discussion alias
      * AI: Post notice on ONNX github (Harry)
    * Steering Committee needs to prepare their presentation.
      * Move deck to steering committee google drive for editing (Harry)
      * Topics:
         * Welcome (Ti)
         * State of State (Sheng)
         * Open Governance (Sheng)
         * Election (Sheng)
         * Roadmap + Release (Joohoon)
      * Will it be live or recorded? Ti will be live; others will be recorded (8 mins each)
