## Steering Committee Meeting 11/03/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes      |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         | No       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | Yes      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                | No      |

Others: Jim Spohrer

### Agenda:
 
  #### ONNX Converters SIG (Co-chair)
  - Chin Huang (IBM) is transferring his co-chair role to Kevin Chen (NVidia)
  - Chin will continue to contribute towards ONNX-Tensorflow project
  - Kevin Chen agrees to accept the role, okay from SC participants
  
  #### ONNX Community Workshop on Oct 21 (follow-up items from previous SC meeting)
  - Videos to be posted on youtube every week. Erin mentioned that Jim Spohrer has access rights to upload videos for LF AI & ONNX, will enlist his help.
  - Jim will post the workshop videos to Youtube and Twitter starting from community presentations 
  - Post workshop survey apparently ran into glitch and was sent only to Host, decision was made with Erin/Jacqueline to post the request on slack channel (onnx-general & SC). Done
  - Will wait for responses from post-event survey results from Erin Thacker. Update next week.
  - Looking forward to next ONNX workshop in March/April 2022. Hopefully live this time.

  #### Roadmap & SIG/WG next steps for proposals
  - Is there need to invite roadmap speakers to present in SC meeting on next level details to be filed prior to pursuing with SIG/WG's. 
  - Example: Metadata field proposals for ONNX model provenance and Mixed precision representations
  - Good to present in SIG/WG instead of SC  
  - Recording of roadmap #4 session will be made available to Wenming this week from Bhargavi.
  - Alex can share consolidated roadmap proposals to Operators SIG and any other SIG/WG requesting
  - Most of the work now is with SIG/WG for next steps, recap at some point in future SC meeting  
  
 
