## Steering Committee Meeting 03/04/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes    |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |  Yes    |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes    |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes    |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes    |

Others: Michal Karzaynski, Rama, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* Licensing status and open issues (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * [onnx/models#419](https://github.com/onnx/models/pull/419)
    * consulting with Scott Nicholas from LF AI for licensing of converted models (awaiting approval)
    * Sheng contacted LF, no resonse yet

* Find a release manager for upcoming ONNX release 1.9
    * Coordinating release, make sure checklists are completed (CI, tests are passing, release note, publishing to pypi, etc)
    * Chin, Kevin, Jacky have done before
    * Michal to check whether Intel can volunteer this time (by next Monday)
    * #onnx-release-wg slack channel to discuss

* March Meetup (China friendly)
    * Host: Ti Zhou (Baidu)
    * Time: March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * SC voted on ten https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QrMq9nWEUrNDHEgFg84GCKSZ0FpC-GRz5auiKcR-8F4/edit#gid=0
    * Notify speakers on 3/4 (upload presentations and recordings to wiki)
    * Jim working with Ti. Everyone has been notified already.
    * AI: Jim - Update LFAI event website with list of talks and details 
    * AI: Jim - Getting decks and upload the recordings
    * AI: Registration ~59 people signed up so far, need to boost registration 
    * AI: Sheng/Prasanth - Update onnx.ai website (share a link for event, instead of contribution)

* Operators SIG (ONNX Roadmap Followup)
    * Michal, Rama
    * Next step
      * Talk to arch/infra SIG
      * Reducing # of primitive ops - get more contributions
  
