## Steering Committee Meeting 06/02/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |          |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |          |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |          |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |          |

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |          |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |          |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |          |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |          |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Set up new rotation for incoming SC members
  * Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)      last week
  * Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)           today
  * Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel).          in 1 week
  * Wenming Ye (AWS)                  in 2 weeks
  * Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft)   in 3 weeks

* ONNX 1.10 
    * From last time
      * There is an issue that keep track of all of the new features. https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/3490
    * Update
      * Volunteering Rajeev Rao (NVIDIA) to be the release manager
        * Next steps for Rajeev
          * Get in touch with Ashwini

* Roadmap
  * Previous roadmap was for one year or less
  * Retrospective:
    * Update was provided in the last meetup
  * Last time we had different ONNX contributors come up with the agenda
    * Helps to go in with a baseline group of things
    * Steering committee can come up with an initial list of things, then open it up to the general committee
    * Whoever is leading the process should start a document.
    * SIG leaders should also contribute agenda items
      * There's an LFAI alias for contacting the SIG leaders
    * Timing
      * Last time we came up with a list in the Fall, and presented an update about 6 months later.
      * It takes a while to finalize the list, so we shoudl start now.
      * Last time it took 5-6 meetings with the committee to finalize a list of items to vote on.
    * Last time some items were not completed because they were either low priority, or we ran out of time.
    * Rajeev (Intel) volunteered to create the initial template and reach out to SIG leaders. Alex also volunteered to help.

* Deprecation process for ONNX ops
  * Alex had the same question, interested in finding out the customer's perspective as well
  * There is a formal deprecation process; typically the deprecated op is not included in the new opset.
    * ONNX doesn't have any statistics for ops in use
    * This is a good topic to bring up with the operator SIG
    * In the past, there was a proposal to deprecate compound ops that can be represented as functions, not sure what became of it.

* Jim sent out links to mailing lists for SC members to join
  * https://lists.lfaidata.foundation/g/onnx-announce
    * Use this to announce kickoff of roadmap discussions
  * https://lists.lfaidata.foundation/g/onnx-technical-discuss
