## Steering Committee Meeting 06/30/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   Yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   Yes    |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |   yes    |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |   No     |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |   Yes    |

Others: Jim Spohrer, Sheng Zha

### Agenda:

  #### ONNX Roadmap discussion
   - Posted on Slack
   - Post on website: added banner with link to Slack channel. What is the procedure for pushing such PRs? [Add signoff in Comments]Best to use google doc link.
   - Edit roadmap doc until July 16 (no additional edits have come in yet as of 6/30/21).
   - Discussions meetings to be setup after that

 #### Preprocessing and featurization in onnx graph
    - Mayank: No proposal yet, probably a few more days to circle back (todo for next time)  
      
 #### Social Media
    - Continue posting 2 youtube videos each week. Going to run out in July. Should discuss what to do then. No need to discuss for each meeting until we run out.
    - Social media access for steering committee (Jacqueline added to Twitter already; needs to add folks to Facebook) Twitter was added for everyone, Facebook is still a todo
    - Good to have and keep account active, but not a lot of views. Looking for metrics, there are some on the analytic for each post. Good to do to have a baseline, can be improved in the future.
    - Kind of up to us to use it.
    
 #### Community Meetup
    - Community Meetup in September?
      - need to find a host [Rajeev will look into it and report next week]
  
 #### Update on NumPy
     - array api is published and on the web site. Opportunity for ONNX to evaluate. Can provide more info as dneeded.
     - What should we do if anything in ONNX? Operator SIG could look into using the array API. Operator SIG shoudl look if ONNX and array api are compatible and see if it needs to be fixed
     - Sheng thinks he has already shared with the Operator SIG. Suggestion to post in Slack channel.
     - There are some differences, but not too disimilar: names or parameters, often a one to one. 
     - ONNX could also propose extensions, there are extensions available to the API.
 
 All thank Jim for the useful reminders for SC meeting, Jim to continue for the near future. 
