## Steering Committee Meeting 08/02/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel)

Moderator: Saurabh Tangri

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - Freddy will be setup meeting starting end of August, Freddy will send annoucement and invite soon.
 - Freddy will provide an update by next week on any issues with permissions/logistics setting up repo.

#### Blog
  - Blog article published: https://lfaidata.foundation/blog/2023/08/08/onnx-2023-mid-year-update/ 

#### LFAI ONNX express learning course
 - Andreas created a discussion on the ONNX discussion page on GitHub, inviting interested parties to connect (no reaction so far)
   - Will follow up on Slack in a few days => still pending
   - Will wait to see if there is community interest
 - new initiative for LFAI projects in express learning
 - 90 minutes (short video content, mostly written content, hands-on exercises)
 - evaluation of interest? Andreas is interested in general, would like to have someone else to have a draft.
   - Andreas: who should be the target? Prasanth: could ask the community. Andreas: will do a slack/issue. 

#### ONNX Community Meetup followups
 - Need to follow up with some media posts 

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - PR: https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/pull/91
 - Announce on onnx-announce and Slack and social media
   - Mayank to send out an email on the mediums above
   - Editing the news banner: json file is on ONNX GitHub
     - Example: https://github.com/onnx/onnx.github.io/pull/189
 - Interest
   - onnx-runtime team interested in being a co-lead
   - IBM folks from Japan also interested
 - SC voted to approve

#### Slack/Github Issues
  - subjective observation of Andreas that slack questions are often answered only unsatisfactorily for the questioner. (well direct messages you can not see)

#### Onnx Limitation
 - Limitations regarding onnx, which have been noticed in the Nvidia team, will be presented next week and discussed in a larger group. Mayank will share slides in advance so we can invite more people to this working session. 

#### Next meeting (2023-08-16)
  - Moderator: Prasanth Pulavarthi
