## Steering Committee Meeting 03/29/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Prasanth

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### News from the TAC meeting
  - Andreas and Alex attended
  - New guidelines for Graduation: Projects would like to have a graduated status should have a gold badge in best practices.
  - ONNX is grand-fathered in but we should aspire for gold anyways.
  - There is some github issue that prevents any project from getting to gold but will be eventually fixed.
  - Andreas and Prasanth to follow up next week on remaining items to increase our points.
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - 3rd out of 4 sessions completed. some presenters missed their slots; TODO: Alex to let them know when to reschedule
  - Andreas and Cassie working on editing videos for posting
  - Andreas sent email to SIG leads to suggest / discuss to add roadmap submission folks to the list of voters
  - Saurabh reached out to ML Security and Trusted AI groups under LF for opportunities with ONNX

  #### SIG and WG cleanups
  - Compiler SIG events added to the onnx calender and announced on Slack
  - Tuesday 8am ET

  #### Annual Elections
  - Nominations need to start next week
  - TODO: Alex and Andreas sent microsoft handle get access
  - TODO: Prasanth to setup form and share access
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank still looking into it.
   
  #### Next meeting (2023-04-05)
  - Moderator: Saurabh
