## Steering Committee Meeting 02/08/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | y  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  y |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | n  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | y  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | y |
|Braden LockWood | Kuwit
|George Nash | Intel Corp

Moderator: Saurabh

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - 19 submissions so far 
  - Alex and Saurabh to finish grouping, publish all proposals
  - Share the proposals with the SIG(example: Operator SIG)
  - Goal: Engage the community to help understand proposals better. Encourage to form a shared goal and push engagement with SIG.
  - Separate sessions for disposing proposals, weekly preferrably after steering committe meetings.
  - Alex to send emails to ask for preffered timezone for proposal discussion.
  
  #### Governance cleanups
  - Governance update for steering committee vacancy
   - When should the governance file be updated? For this particular instance, should the file say the new SC member joined after the new rule verdict, or the actual dates?
   - Approve Saurabh as steering Committe member, all present members voted yes.
   - Andreas to help update relevant pages.
  
  - Annual Elections
   - Alex to start the process.
   - Prasanth to work with SIG leads to ensure the List of elgible voters is accurate.
  
  #### Compiler SIG
  - Alex driving the Compiler SIG
  - ALex has invited a member from Groq to co-lead Philip Lassen
  - Alex made few typo fixes and updated the PR.
  - Steering Committee needs to vote on formation of a SIG.
  - Prasanth will work with LFAI to setup security groups for the new SIG.
  - All present members voted yes for the new compiler SIG proposal.
  - PR filed in the SIG repo: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/143
  - Alex will merge and commit the PR.

  #### LFX
  - The SIG leads information is not updated. Andreas suggest there should be one page where we can maintain the list.
  - Prasanth suggest we use the table in SIG top page to add new columns for SIG lead and contact email.
  - Andreas updating and cleaning up pages related. 

  #### Next meeting (2023-02-15)
  - Moderator: Andreas

  #### Videos 
  - Videos on Website (Andreas)
  - Prasanth: do not think that introducing GPL in our repo shoud introduced. Technically, we don't need this tool to do JSON processing.
  - Next steps:
    - Generating the JSON file is the first priority, so it can be displayed on our website.
      - Who will write the translation of the JSON into html pages?
      - Once the JSON pages are generated, Prasanth can try generating html pages from the JSON
        - There's a way of injecting JSON into the website already, using "Bootstrap"

  #### ONNX LFAI Calendar
  - Getting write access to the calendar
    - Each SIG has its own calendar
    - When the Compiler SIG is created, they would get their own calendar and get write access
    - The Operators calendar should be renamed

  #### Misc
  - More people in the Steering Committee members?
    - Might not be the best use of people's time
    - Maybe publish the agenda in advance when there are potentially useful presentations
  - The meetings are already public
  - We should start thinking about the community meetup
    - Looking for companies to volunteer. In-person or virtual.
  - Courses about basics of ONNX?
    - Would be good to add this to our page
    - Figure out the right information for various customer segments we target

  
