## Steering Committee Meeting 03/08/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Alexandre

Other attendees: Braden Lockwood

### Agenda:
  
  #### Compiler SIG
  - LFAI setting up onnx-sig-compilers alias should work.
  - Repo permissions need to be cleaned up - https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/153 is reviewed and need to be edited, to be merged by Prasanth.

  #### Roadmap process
  - Alex and Saurabh finished grouping - needs to be published to github
  - 4 sessions; 1 per week; 12-1 Eastern Time, 9-10am Pacific Time
  - Alex will post in Slack and then setup mtgs
  - Andreas: could add roadmap submission folks to the list of voters? Prasanth, they would need to be added to the sigs. Andreas to send email to the SIG leaders about the contributors to their specific SIGs.
  - Ideally start next week.
 
  #### LFX / LFX security / Openssf scorecard
  - Coordination with SIG leads regarding changes to create more points in LFX and scorecard still pending.
  - Andreas: no new points. Will evaluate if its practical. Prasanth: we raised our score from 6 to 8.. so that was already helpful. 

  #### SIG and WG cleanups
  - Prasanth to update SIG lead list on https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196#ONNXCommunityMeetings&Calendar-ListofGroupCalendarsMeetingModerators
      - still in the process. Andreas: the SIG lead need to be updated for them to update the calendars. Prasanth: will send email.   
  - Training WG should be listed as inactive - there is a new proposal from Microsoft to extend ONNX for training so may want to reactivate
     - Andreas suggest we set it as inactive. Already have PRs to fix this. To be approved.
     - Saurabh: there is a roadmap entry from MS, Intel is also interested.
     - Prasanth: we can inactivate it now, and we can reactivate it with the new leaders as currently its leader has left.
     - Andreas: how do we deal with inactive working groups (email alias / git repo).
     - Prasanth: we should inactivate the email alias via email to LFAI. 
  - several new WGs may be needed to handle new proposals, especially in the Operators SIG space

  #### Annual Elections
  - Prasanth has started to work with SIG leads to ensure the List of elgible voters is accurate.
  - Alex and Andreas to help run election process in April/May.
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank: Nvidia has tentativly accepted to host it, initial reaction is positive. Will investigate number of attendees and cost.
  - Anreas: there were discussions that were only be on site, it would have been good to have more online interation.
  - Saurabh: had sessions for breakout rooms (e.g. FP8); we will prepare ahead of time.
  - Andreas: possibly a few topics that would only be online. Could ask during registration ask for topics of interest from a list.
  - Silicon Valley / Santa Clara /
  - June is preferred, will evaluate availability.
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-03-15)
  - Moderator: Mayank
