## Steering Committee Meeting 08/30/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | no |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |

Moderator: Mayank

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - Saurabh to confirm when the end of August meeting is
 - Freddy (Intel) is working to put together an agenda
 - Mailing list is now created

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - Mailing lists were created (thanks Prasanth!)
 - Figuring out times for setting up the meeting, keeping in mind attendees from Japan
 - PR for groups creation needs to be updated and merged.

### Misc
- Just one more video remaining to post, should be done by tomorrow.
- A few postings remaining on Twitter.
- Andreas evaluating proposal for managing email lists.
- Flyte (orchestration system) asking for an ONNX presentation at their meetup.
  - Andreas will ask for more details about what they're looking for.
  
#### Next meeting (2023-09-06)
  - Moderator: Alex
