## Steering Committee Meeting 05/31/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | no |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu (Intel), Renuke Mendis (Intel), Huizi Mao (Nvidia), Rajeev(Nvidia)

Moderator: Alexandre

### Agenda:

  #### Neural Compressor discussion
  - Intel is proposing to add Neural Compress to ONNX
  - need steering committee decision
  - prefer to decide ahead of the Community Meetup
  - NVIDIA has a response, Mayank to share slide, to be shared by email.
    - NVIDIA: vote no, for reasons listed in the slides (which will be shared by email to SC and Intel folks).
    - Intel: state again that there is nothing propriatry.
    - Intel: (1) if want to propose be part of ONNX and rename, (2) some functionality be removed.
    - Intel: should be the list of features possibly removed come from Intel or NVIDIA?
    - Mayank: there is already a discussion on what is machine specific.
    - Alex: was there another org that adopted this approach?
    - Renuke: there is port for NVIDIA within the tool; Mayank: the recipe that work best on NVIDIA is in their NVIDIA tools.
    - Mayak: best to have vendor specific tools because it is so specific to the architecture.
    - NVIDIA: is there a list of change of what has changed; list to be provided by Intel folks.
  - SC to vote by email, decision before 28th.
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - 70 RSVP, 40 physical, other virtual; keep virtual open
  - 10 submission so far, send acceptance so far (Slidedeck by 14th, most are in person).
  - Presentation for each of the sections (SC) can be presented
  - Sig leads deadline for presentations on the 16th as well.
  - Mayank to publisize the talk's title next week.
  - Set time for round table for discussion, only one topic at this time (ONNX for buisness); possibly reclaim the time.
  
  #### Steering Committee presentation at meetup
  - Mayank to drive
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-06-21)
  - Moderator: Mayank

