## Steering Committee Meeting 01/25/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | y  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |   |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |   |

Moderator: Prasanth

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Deadline: January 24th
  - 8 submissions so far
  - Alex and Saurabh will be leading the effort.
  - Next steps are to classify and filter the submissions, broadcast the accepted submissions to larger set of stakeholders.
  
  #### Clean Ups (Andreas)
  
  - Governance Model 
    1. Suggestion: Outgoing member can nominate and remaining steering Committee members should approve the nomination. @Prasanth: will make a suggestion
    2. Split document in a) historical and b) current/valid => For newcomers it is difficult to find which WGs and SIGs are active and who leads the respective groups. [We've have different places, where the information is documented, but partly also outdated.]
  - Repo Guidelines 
    1. Are defined in two different files [a) governance readme.md, b) repo_guidelines.md]
    2. Suggestions to update the repo_guidelines:
     * Every repository is owned by a SIG and the Steering Committee is responsible for managing these repos. => Every repository is owned by a SIG or the Steering Committee. The Steering Committee is responsible for managing these repos. 
     * Rules for all repos: Must be owned and managed by one of the ONNX SIGs (at the moment the Github Team Steering Committee is admin of 2 public repos...) => Rules for all repos: Must be owned and managed by one of the ONNX SIGs or the Steering Committee
     * Steering Committee supports this consideration => Andreas will create a pull request
  - Onnx.github.io
    - Clarify responsibility for the onnx.github.io repo. 
    - Suggestion: "Carry over" to the "SIG" models and tutorials, since this group takes care of the outreach or/and newbies. => makes sense for Jacky
    - Pros: Allows interested persons to contribute to the website as committers and also approvers (without being a member of the Steering Committee)
    - Steering Committee supports this consideration => Andreas will create a pull request

  #### Videos on website (Andreas)
  - Created a Pull request => Ready to merge? (Some fixes have to be done afterwards...)
  - need to make sure that the license of pyvideo (GPL-3.0 license) does not affect the onnx repo in a way that is not intended.
  - maybe ask/discuss with the LF AI legal team... or pip package ?

  #### LFX 
  - https://insights-v2.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/lfai-onnx/overview suggest looking at Software bill of materials (SBOM)  and License Scanning

  #### Next meeting (2023-02-01)
  - Moderator: Alex
