## Steering Committee Meeting 07/12/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | x  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | x |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | x |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | x |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | x |

Other attendees: Freddy Chiu

Moderator: Andreas


 
### Opens
  - LFAI ONNX Video express learning course
    - Prasanth suggests we explore the opportunity. We should understand the scope and constraints and pull in subject matter experts as required.
    - Andreas will setup a follow-up meeting with LFAI content creation.
  - HeMan follow-up: Homomorphic encryption, Andreas is engaging with them to identify if ONNX has any gaps.

#### ONNX Community Meetup Folloup
 - Mayank uploaded the videos to youtube (not all preview images are good... maybe create thumbmail from the powerpoint for social media)
 - Andreas helps to upload the agenda and videos to confluence (confluence should be accesible form Chrina)
 - Mayank: export powerpoints to pdf, and share pdf and videos with Andreas
 - Prasanth: starts social media (linkdin, facebook) tomorrow (one each week) [promoting the speaker and content]
 - Andreas: will share a short the same at twitter.


### Agenda:  
  #### Intel Neural Compressor Migration and Model Optimization SIG Proposal.
  - Steering Committee has voted and approved Intel's proposal.
    1.	Integrate Intel Neural Compressor into ONNX while explicitly naming it as an Intel Optimizer tool and
    2.	Work with the ONNX community to support standing up an ONNX Optimization SIG, where vendor optimizer tools would be hosted.
  - SC Committee suggests we formalize creating the Model Optimization SIG.
    - ONNX/Optimizer repository should also be included in this SIG.
    - Freddy Chiu: first draft for README for ONNX is ready => create a PR and discuss everything there (more discussion could be done at seperate meetings).
    - Mayank: Someone from Nvidia might be intersted. 
    - Up now no replay from the onnx optimizer repo maintiner
    - Saurabh: Naming. "Optimization SIG" => Input Onnx/..., Output Onnx...
  
  #### Multi-Device Proposal to create a Working Group
  - Provide the description of the goal/outcome and success criterion for completion.
  - Mayank planning to share the goal and description for review by next week.
  - Scope around Data center and ONNX model metadata.
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-07-19)
  - Moderator: Prasanth

