## Steering Committee Meeting 08/30/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |

Moderator: Alex

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - Saurabh to confirm when the end of August meeting is
 - Freddy (Intel) is working to put together an agenda
 - Mailing list is now created
 - Saurabh is absent, will update us next meeting.

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - Mailing lists were created (thanks Prasanth!)
 - Figuring out times for setting up the meeting, keeping in mind attendees from Japan.
 - PR merged, will post to twitter (Andreas) to suggest folks to register to mailing list.

### Misc
- Andreas evaluating proposal for managing email lists.
  - No update yet, testing with Trust AI committee, testing it there.
  - Andreas first experience, it is sometime buggy, has to see if it works well for us.
- Flyte (orchestration system) asking for an ONNX presentation at their meetup.
  - Andreas will ask for more details about what they're looking for.
  - Andreas will report in 2 weeks.
- New scan for ONNX with liscence and there are some MIT liscence for archived github sites
  - see here: https://lists.lfaidata.foundation/g/onnx-technical-discuss/pendingmsg?id=8709456
  - Andreas: for ONNX itself its fine.
  
#### Next meeting (2023-09-20)
  - Moderator: Andreas
  - Presentation of meta-data in two weeks.
