## Steering Committee Meeting 02/22/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |  |


Moderator: Andreas

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - 19 submissions so far 
  - Alex and Saurabh to finish grouping, publish all proposals
  - Share the proposals with the SIG(example: Operator SIG)
  - Goal: Engage the community to help understand proposals better. Encourage to form a shared goal and push engagement with SIG.
  - Separate sessions for disposing proposals, weekly preferrably after steering committee meetings.
  - Alex to send emails to ask for preffered timezone for proposal discussion.
  
  #### Governance cleanups
  - Governance update for steering committee vacancy
   - When should the governance file be updated? For this particular instance, should the file say the new SC member joined after the new rule verdict, or the actual dates?
   - Approve Saurabh as steering Committee member (starting from today), all present members voted yes.
   - Andreas to help update relevant pages.
  
  #### Annual Elections
   - Alex to start the process.
   - Prasanth to work with SIG leads to ensure the List of elgible voters is accurate.
  
  #### Compiler SIG
  - Alex driving the Compiler SIG
  - ALex has invited a member from Groq to co-lead Philip Lassen
  - Alex made few typo fixes and updated the PR.
  - Steering Committee needs to vote on formation of a SIG.
  - Prasanth will work with LFAI to setup security groups for the new SIG.
  - All present members voted yes for the new compiler SIG proposal.
  - PR filed in the SIG repo: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/143
  - Alex will merge and commit the PR.

  #### Visibility and up-to-dateness of the SIG and WG leads overviews  
  - The SIG leads information is not updated. Andreas suggest there should be one page where we can maintain the list.
  - Prasanth suggest we use the table in SIG top page to add new columns for SIG lead and contact email.
  - Andreas updating and cleaning up pages related.

  #### LFX / Openssf scorecard
  - Andreas started introducing the openssf scorecard. Best pracitices defined by a working group of the Open Source Security Foundation
  - Coordination with SIG leads regarding changes to create more points in LFX and scorecard still pending. 

  #### Next meeting (2023-03-01)
  - Moderator:


 
