## Steering Committee Meeting 03/22/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Andreas

Other attendees: Braden Lockwood (Kuwit)

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Andreas got access to the onnx-annonce calender and added the remaining 3 roadmap process session to the calender. (Two remainder by email will be sent, 1 day before and 15min before)
  - TODO: Alex updates the roadmap overview : Removes the withdrawn contribution, b) looks for another time slot for the postponed presentation
  - Andreas: would be nice to have some intro for the youtube videos: Pransath: Connection with Cassie 
  - Second session today: Very good attendance, very good discussions, topic focus quantization. Due to the thematic proximity of the presentations, no cutting of the videos into separate movies. 
  - Andreas sent email to SIG leads to suggest / discuss to add roadmap submission folks to the list of voters

  #### Next Onnx Release
  - Code freeze date for release 1.14 is set to April 7th. 
  - The release is planned for late April. 
  - No topics that companies have specifically requested be addressed in the next release. Thematic selection of priorities continues to be based on regular assessment and work topics of the individual SIGSs.  
 
  #### LFX / LFX security / Openssf scorecard
  - Coordination with SIG leads regarding changes to create more points in LFX and scorecard still pending.
  - Andreas: started on implementing https://reuse.software/ (Copyright and License for each file)
  - Best practises badge: 
    - Andreas got access (or there is the assumption that all people from the onnx organisation have access)
    - Andreas started to update the entries at: https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/de/projects/3313?criteria_level=1 in order to get a silver badge but needs help to to fill out / discuss the points there. Would be nice if there is one go through list and discuss the points together. 
  - LFX or https://clomonitor.io/search?page=1
    - both display similar points
    - nice overview for the different LF AI&Data project https://clomonitor.io/stats

  #### SIG and WG cleanups
  - Link to email overview page of the leads displayed at the confluence page it added at the sig and wg github repo
  - Compiler SIG was set up
  - TODO: a) Alex anounce the foundation of the SIG, b) add the events to the onnx calender

  #### Annual Elections
  - Alex and Andreas to help run election process in April/May
    - Google forms are not accessible from China (was confirmed by a collegue of Mayank), MS forms are accessible
    - Who can set up a MS Form? or still you google, as the election is transparent?
  - Prasanth clarified that the form is only needed for the collection of the Steering Committee Application (Prasanth helps to set up the MS Form) 
  - TODO: Alex and Andreas sent microsoft handle get access
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank: Nvidia has tentativly accepted to host it, initial reaction is positive. Will investigate number of attendees and cost.
  - Andreas: there were discussions that were only be on site, it would have been good to have more online interaction.
  - Saurabh: had sessions for breakout rooms (e.g. FP8); we will prepare ahead of time.
  - Andreas: possibly a few topics that would only be online. Could ask during registration ask for topics of interest from a list.
  - Silicon Valley / Santa Clara /
  - June is preferred, will evaluate availability.
  - Process still ongoing..
  
  #### Onnx 2.0
  - We should start thinking what should we consider as onnx 2.0. 
  - What should the release have? What features justify a corresponding jump?
  - Discussion points: Jump to new protobuf version, flatbuffer, governance, meta-data, broad support for quantization + simple tool support?  
  
  #### Tac Meeting:
  - Alex and Andreas attend
  - Projects / Organizations where we should invest in better cooperation?
   
  #### Next meeting (2023-03-29)
  - Moderator: Saurabh
