## Steering Committee Meeting 04/26/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Andreas

Other attendees: Taka Shinagawa (MSFT)

### Agenda:

  #### Community Meetup
  - Do we prefer that it be 9am to 5pm, or can we consider half a day as well? Removing the need for the meeting room to be close the cafe allows us to get a bigger meeting room in another building.
    - What's the biggest #/$ for a half day event? Presentations only, or a working-group style event? 8:30am to 12pm
    - Last time we went from 10am to 4pm
    - Travel bugdets are tight, so there might be fewer attendees.
    - We could ask for pre-recorded presentations
    - Find out if this can be in the second half
    - SIG presentations could be in-person
  - The organizers are insisting on a 30-30 split between NVIDIA employees and external folks, so external presenters + attendees will need to be <= 30.
  - Are breakout rooms a requirement for in-person attendees?
  - Registration page?
  - 9 to 1 (first half of the day)
  - Mayank: TODO finalize day (last week of june)
  - Prasanth: Registration of LF AI&Data (Privacy....)
  
  #### Annual Elections
  - Nominations uploaded to github (https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/main/elections/2023/list-sc-candidates.md) and published at slack
  - List of contributors can be updated till the end of the month.
  - TODO Alex: Create google doc for collecting the mail-adresses and companys of all the contributor.
  - Election starts on monday (with all people where the mail-adress is available)

  #### Roadmap Process
  - all 4 session online (https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNqLlwTfo322iKIdxZCB8SNzOtvGay15M) 
  - posted at slack. Meta-Information could/should be added? maybe with links to the presentation?
  - Alex got severals presentations, but will sent 3. reminder. 
  
  #### New public Onnx meeting
  - weekly sync (same time as the operators meeting, in the weeks when the operators meeting is not held
  - The purpose of this meeting: 
    -  to focus on details and implementation (discussing PRs) 
    -  discussing plans for longer term efforts. 
  -  The people participating are those that are actively involved in creating PRs and reviewing PRs. 
    -  It spans both arch/infra and op sig. 
  - The Operators SIG meeting is broader in scope and attracts more attendees, but also this meeting is open for interested community members 
  - Every Thursday except the last Thursday of the month (when the ONNX SIG meeting happens). 
  - The last Thursday of every month we will have the Operators SIG meeting.
  - Alex: would be nice to have an agenda / summary of the event
  - Prasanth: helps to set up the document more accessible (so far only invited people could read the ms word online document)
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-05-03)
  - 1pm PT.
  - Moderator: Saurabh
  
