## Steering Committee Meeting 04/19/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | no |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Mayank

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:

  #### Community Meetup
  - Do we prefer that it be 9am to 5pm, or can we consider half a day as well? Removing the need for the meeting room to be close the cafe allows us to get a bigger meeting room in another building.
    - What's the biggest #/$ for a half day event? Presentations only, or a working-group style event? 8:30am to 12pm
    - Last time we went from 10am to 4pm
    - Travel bugdets are tight, so there might be fewer attendees.
    - We could ask for pre-recorded presentations
    - Find out if this can be in the second half
    - SIG presentations could be in-person
  - The organizers are insisting on a 30-30 split between NVIDIA employees and external folks, so external presenters + attendees will need to be <= 30.
  - Are breakout rooms a requirement for in-person attendees?
  - Registration page?
  
  #### Annual Elections
  - Nominations are ongoing: everyone from SC applied, plus two other new nomination. Deadline was Friday. 7 nominations so far.
  - Alex sent a slack reminder for nomination; SIG lead to provide emails, Alex to send a message to SIG leads.
  - Nominations published at slack
  - List of contributors can be updated till the end of the month.
   
  #### Next meeting (2023-04-26)
  - 1pm PT.
  - Moderator: Andreas
