## Steering Committee Meeting 10/11/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Chris VanderKnyff (NVDA), Wei-Sheng Chin(MSFT), Rama (MSFT)

Moderator: Mayank

#### ONNX feedback
- Building ONNX editor in DLDesigner
- Patterns in ONNX ops make it difficult to create a GUI
  - Permitted values for attributes not described in a machine-readable format
    - Example, booleans expressed as ints
  - Need a way to detect these are booleans to provide more info in the UI
  - Enumerated types, no machine readable way of reporting allowed values
    - Example GridSample modes, LSTM directions, ops that take TensorData types as attributes
  - Need a way to describe ops in a machine readable way
  - Some Attributes expect other attributes to be present, we would like to present these relations
    - Examples: NearstMode on Resize, constant value on Pad
- ONNX version of the tool is in internal release
  - Can put people on the early access list if needed
- Responses
  - (Rama) Makes sense to update the op schema to add annotations. 
    - PRs to do this would be welcome, help appreciated.
    - Adding these seems straightforward.
  - For attribute dependencies, need some constraint language. How detailed should this be?
    - For eg, do we have to express disjunctions and negations?
    - Do these constraints need to be both machine and human readable?
      - Already have human readable text in the op schema
      - Can we use Python directly? Or XML?
        - First need to determine what kind of constraints we wish to express.
    - So far these have been encountered in Cast, Pad and Resize. Other ops might have similar constraints.
      - Chris can forward the constraints his team has encountered so far.
  - We can target the next release for updating the op schema
    - Depends on who can create changes for this.

#### Optimizations SIG
- No updates

#### Multi-Device Working Group
- No updates. Meetings once a month.
- SIGs meet once a month, WGs usually meet for frequently.

#### Next meeting (2023-11-01)
 - Moderator: Andreas

### Holidays:
  - Cancel for Thankgiving week and the last 2 weeks of the year.
