## Steering Committee Meeting 02/08/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | y  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |   |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | y  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | y |

Moderator: Mayank

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Survey is closed
  - 18 submissions so far (as of last week)
  - Next steps are to classify and filter the submissions, broadcast the accepted submissions to larger set of stakeholders.
   - Waiting on Alex and Saurabh for next steps
  
  #### Governance cleanups
  - Governance update for steering committee vacancy
   - When should the governance file be updated? For this particular instance, should the file say the new SC member joined after the new rule verdict, or the actual dates?
   - Do a vote next time when Alex is in attendance.
  
  #### Compiler SIG
  - Alex driving
  - PR filed in the SIG repo: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/143
   - Alex also posted this in Slack channels: #onnx, reshared in #onnx-general
  - Needs a discussion and vote next time

  #### LFX
  - done?
  - https://insights-v2.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/lfai-onnx/overview
  - From Andreas:
    - https://insights-v2.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/lfai-onnx/overview
    - Missing license scanning
    - Missing items in the security checklist
    - Next steps:
      - discuss with SIG chairs, get opinions
      - Arch/Infra SIG should be driving this
      - Andreas will send an email to SIG chairs

  #### Videos 
  - Videos on Website (Andreas)
  - Prasanth: do not think that introducing GPL in our repo shoud introduced. Technically, we don't need this tool to do JSON processing.
  - Next steps:
    - Generating the JSON file is the first priority, so it can be displayed on our website.
      - Who will write the translation of the JSON into html pages?
      - Once the JSON pages are generated, Prasanth can try generating html pages from the JSON
        - There's a way of injecting JSON into the website already, using "Bootstrap"

  #### ONNX LFAI Calendar
  - Getting write access to the calendar
    - Each SIG has its own calendar
    - When the Compiler SIG is created, they would get their own calendar and get write access
    - The Operators calendar should be renamed

  #### Misc
  - More people in the Steering Committee members?
    - Might not be the best use of people's time
    - Maybe publish the agenda in advance when there are potentially useful presentations
  - The meetings are already public
  - We should start thinking about the community meetup
    - Looking for companies to volunteer. In-person or virtual.
  - Courses about basics of ONNX?
    - Would be good to add this to our page
    - Figure out the right information for various customer segments we target

  #### Next meeting (2023-02-15)
  - Moderator: Saurabh


  
