## Steering Committee Meeting 01/11/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | x  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | x  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | x  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | x  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | x  |

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### ONNX 1.13 release
   - Status: Released on 12th December, team did a release video and is posted on youtube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vo9vlR-TRK4 
   - Thanks to PrzemysÅ‚aw Wysocki (Intel) for leading the release, Please share any feedback to Prasanth related to release experience.
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Alex will resent the notice  to slack channels and will resend the emails.
  - We have three submissions, Alex and Saurabh will be leading the effort.
  - Next steps are to classify and filter the submissions, broadcast the accepted submissions to larger set of stakeholders.
  - Encourage more submissions via this link: https://onnx.ai/news.html#new69

  #### LFX Platform (Andreas)
  - The Linux Foundation created a platform (LFX Platform) which a) gives insights in to project statistics (LFX|Insights) b) and allows some collaboration.
  - Andreas got granted the community-program-manager role and has now access the Project Control Center.
  - He would take a look at that. If anyone else is interested and would be interested to look at it, we can also transfer the permissions.
  - Furthermore, there are several regular expressions that are supposed to check if certain information can be found at the githup repo. Probably, it would make sense to deal with the points like a) Governance, b) Roadmap, c) Community meetings, d) License Scanning, e) Dependency update tool, f) Software bill of materials (SBOM).
  - My opinion: it would make sense to change some things to make the information more available to the community.


  #### Clean Ups
  
  - Governance Model 
    1. Suggestion: Outgoing member can nominate and remaining steering Committee members should approve the nomination.
    2. Split document in a) historical and b) current/valid => For newcomers it is difficult to find which WGs and SIGs are active and who leads the respective groups. [We've have different places, where the information is documented, but partly also outdated.]
  - Repo Guidelines 
    1. Are defined in two different files [a) governance readme.md, b) repo_guidelines.md]
    2. Suggestions to update the repo_guidelines:
     * Every repository is owned by a SIG and the Steering Committee is responsible for managing these repos. => Every repository is owned by a SIG or the Steering Committee. The Steering Committee is responsible for managing these repos. 
     * Rules for all repos: Must be owned and managed by one of the ONNX SIGs (at the moment the Github Team Steering Committee is admin of 2 public repos...) => Rules for all repos: Must be owned and managed by one of the ONNX SIGs or the Steering Committee
  - Onnx.github.io
    - Clarify responsibility for the onnx.github.io repo. 
    - Suggestion: "Carry over" to the "SIG" models and tutorials, since this group takes care of the outreach or/and newbies. 
    - Pros: Allows interested persons to contribute to the website as committers and also approvers (without being a member of the Steering Committee)

  #### Videos on website (Andreas)
  - Added files needed for GitHub workflow to the webpage, but then realized this won't work
  - Prasanth suggested outputting videos from CI to a subfolder
   - We would like to first get the website running and then setup CI. Andreas already had CI running on the fork.
   
  #### Google Summer of Code
  - should we submit a project?
  - documentation-only projects not allowed
  - might be good opportunity for working groups
  - Andreas shared info on slack channels
    - no reaction so far. Will ask chairs to prod for answers.
    - Alex will look for ONNX-MLIR, Rajeev will ask for Neural Compressor team.
  - Andreas will sync with Prasanth offline

  #### Next meeting (2023-01-18)
  - Moderator: Andreas
