## Steering Committee Meeting 03/15/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |

Moderator: Mayank

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Compiler SIG
  - All done, can remove topic for next time
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - First session today, only two presenters.
  - The announcement was sent out on Slack. We can add this to the calendar. Who has access?
  - TODO Prasanth will give Andreas access to the calendar
  - TODO Andreas: could add roadmap submission folks to the list of voters? Prasanth, they would need to be added to the sigs. Andreas to send email to the SIG leaders about the contributors to their specific SIGs.
 
  #### LFX / LFX security / Openssf scorecard
  - Coordination with SIG leads regarding changes to create more points in LFX and scorecard still pending.
  - Andreas: no new points. Will evaluate if its practical. Prasanth: we raised our score from 6 to 8. so that was already helpful.
  - Investigate / update best-practice points to see if we can get to a silver badge. 
  - Prasanth looking into giving Andreas access, it appears to be individual-account based.

  #### SIG and WG cleanups
  - Done: Prasanth to update SIG lead list on https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196#ONNXCommunityMeetings&Calendar-ListofGroupCalendarsMeetingModerators
  - Training WG marked inactive
    - WG leads from Training are still listed as contributors in the contributors file
    - Prasanth filed a PR to clear that up.
  - Several new WGs may be needed to handle new proposals, especially in the Operators SIG space
    - No need identified yet

  #### Annual Elections
  - Prasanth has started to work with SIG leads to ensure the List of elgible voters is accurate.]
    - When do we freeze the list? Just before voting begins
  - Alex and Andreas to help run election process in April/May
    - Google forms are not accessible from China, MS forms are accessible
    - Need to confirm accessibility again
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank: Nvidia has tentativly accepted to host it, initial reaction is positive. Will investigate number of attendees and cost.
  - Andreas: there were discussions that were only be on site, it would have been good to have more online interaction.
  - Saurabh: had sessions for breakout rooms (e.g. FP8); we will prepare ahead of time.
  - Andreas: possibly a few topics that would only be online. Could ask during registration ask for topics of interest from a list.
  - Silicon Valley / Santa Clara /
  - June is preferred, will evaluate availability.
  
  #### Next meeting (2023-03-22)
  - Moderator: Andreas
