## Steering Committee Meeting 09/20/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Andreas

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - Freddy (Intel) is working to put together an agenda
 - Mailing list is now created
 - Status unknown? No public meeting invitation? 
 - Saurabh will give us an update offline

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - Mailing lists were created (thanks Prasanth!)
 - Figuring out times for setting up the meeting, keeping in mind attendees from Japan.
 - PR merged, Andreas posted at twitter to suggest folks to register to mailing list.
 - First meeting happend (Alex was there)
 - Meeting seems to to be listed at the onnx meeting calender overview (Prasanth will have a look at it.)

### Misc
- Andreas evaluating proposal for managing email lists.
  - No update yet, testing with Trusted AI committee, testing it there.
  - Andreas first experience, it is sometime buggy, has to see if it works well for us.
  - No possibility to display the meetings at LFX at the confluence calender (groups.io event entrys?)
- Flyte (orchestration system) asking for an ONNX presentation at their meetup.
  - Andreas; General Introduction of Onnx "probably not everyone knows ONNX" (about 20minutes including questions)
  - Andreas will prepare slides and share it with the SC (also a final date when the presentation will happen)
- LF AI & Data
  - Andreas discussed with Alejandro how to work together: Andreas will present Onnx at their meeting and invite the people to contribute
-  Status of the video index
  - Andreas created an videoindex (similiar to pyvideo.org, but because of license issues we could not use it...)
- Blog post about onnx elections
  - Too late... we should have posted it earlier.


  
#### Next meeting (2023-09-27)
  - Moderator: Saurabh
  - Maybe presentation of meta-data in onnx
