## Steering Committee Meeting 08/23/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | x |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  |   |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          |  |

Other attendees: 

Moderator: Prasanth


#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - Freddy will setup a meeting starting end of August, Freddy will send an announcement and invitation soon.
 - Freddy will provide an update by next week on any issues with permissions/logistics setting up the repo.

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - Mayank to follow up and provide an update
 - Alex(IBM) will also be contributing to this WG.

#### Next meeting (2023-08-30)
  - Moderator: Alexandre
