## Steering Committee Meeting 04/05/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Moderator: Alexandre

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Badges
  - Openssf Scorecard decreased to 7.3
  - Best Practising badge: Andreas and Prasanth worked on increasing the points: Now at 75% for silver
  - Andreas will email to get some build info and will have further questions about security.
  - Andreas and Prasanth to follow up next week on remaining items to increase our points.
  - Prasanth Remaining questions for folks for the CIs.
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - 4th out of 4 sessions completed. Folks missing from previous that wanted to attend did attend.
  - Andreas: from today, they might be interest to create a sparsity WG. Saurabh will pursue this avenue. 
  - Andreas: ask the presenters to see in a month if they need help.
  - Andreas and Cassie working on editing videos for posting; 3 were sent, the 4th will be sent all at once. 
  - Alex: will gather slides and link them to the steering committee github.
  - Andreas sent email to SIG leads to suggest / discuss to add roadmap submission folks to the list of voters.  Sent; it will be there decision to decide what the SIG wants to do with this info.
  
  #### Cooperations
  - Saurabh reached out to ML Security and Trusted AI groups under LF for opportunities with ONNX. Saurabh has emailed a few folks and will follow up.
  - Prasanth: does not know the MS person. Alex does not know the IBM folks.
  - Saurabh: one follow up on neural compressor. Prasanth: they should address the follow up with NVIDIA. Saurabh will follow up.

  #### SIG Compiler had their first meeting.
  - Compiler SIG events added to the onnx calender and announced on Slack.
  - Talked about OpenXLA and how compiler folks can better interact with the Operator SIG to have a better view in the new operators coming in the new releases.
  - First Tuesday of the month, 8am ET; feel free to broadcast to your compiler folks.

  #### Annual Elections
  - Nominations need to start next week
  - Andreas: facebook, twitter, linkedin, email, slack, website form operational.
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank still looking into it. No update at this time.
   
  #### Next meeting (2023-04-12)
  - 1pm PT, TODO: Prasanth update calender.
  - Moderator: Alexandre
