## Steering Committee Meeting 07/26/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | y  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | y |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | y |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | y |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | y |

Other attendees: Renuke Mendis

Moderator: Alexandre

#### Blog
  - Prasanth: LFAI has an opportunity to share a half year blog, wrote one. Due before Friday.
  - Alex/Mayank: LGTM. Andreas: should we add more general info about what is ONNX? Could be some good advertisement.
  - Prasanth: good suggestion, feel free to suggest

#### LFAI ONNX learning course
 - new initiative for LFAI projects in express learning
 - 90 minutes (short video content, mostly written content, hands-on exercises)
 - evaluation of interest? Andreas is interested in general, would like to have someone else to have a draft.
   - Andreas: who should be the target? Prasanth: could ask the community. Andreas: will do a slack/issue. 

#### ONNX Community Meetup followups
 - Six presentations missing - Mayank following up with presenters
 - 2 videos shared on social media so far; 2-3 per week being posted by Prasanth and Andreas
 - no need to track further. One more pdf was received by Alex, Mayank to do one more round of asking. 

#### Optimizations SIG proposal
 - https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/172
 - Andreas: looks good, would like to see a second SIG lead from another company.
 - Mayank will ask that person in being the co-lead.
 - Prasanth: have we heard back from the Optimizer maintainer? No.
 - Mayank: internal discussion on the SIG goals, which look good to us.
 - Prasanth: WG have a clear mission, SIG is more general, longer term. Goal can be a bit broader.
 - Saurabh: Second Prasanth's opinion to have a broader mission. Let the SIG evolve.
 - Prasanth: approved, more changes that were put this morning and already put into place; others should also look at it again.
 - ETA for Neural Processor? Saurabh: once the SIG is approved, after a first meeting.
 - Andreas: minor wording, to be suggested in the PR.

#### Multi-Device Working Group proposal
 - Mayank to create PR
 - Announce on onnx-announce and Slack and social media
 - Progress: ongoing, will create PR shortly.

#### Trusted AI community is tomorrow
When: Thursday, July 27, 2023 7:00am to 8:00am (UTC-07:00) America/Los Angeles Where: https://zoom.us/j/7659717866

#### Next meeting (2023-08-202)
  - Moderator: Mayank

