## Steering Committee Meeting 04/12/2023

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes  |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |

Moderator: Alexandre

Other attendees: 

### Agenda:
  
  #### Badges
  - Best Practising badge: Andreas and Prasanth worked on increasing the points: Now at 75% for silver
  - Andreas will email to get some build info and will have further questions about security.
  - Andreas and Prasanth to follow up next week on remaining items to increase our points.
  - Prasanth Remaining questions for folks for the CIs.
  
  #### Roadmap process
  - Andreas: from today, they might be interest to create a sparsity WG. Saurabh will pursue this avenue. 
  - Andreas: ask the presenters to see in a month if they need help.
  - Andreas: all videos at Cassie. 
  - Alex: sent email to gather slides and link them to the steering committee github.
  
  #### Cooperations
  - Saurabh reached out to ML Security and Trusted AI groups under LF for opportunities with ONNX. Saurabh has emailed a few folks and will follow up.
  - Saurabh: one follow up on neural compressor. Prasanth: they should address the follow up with NVIDIA. Saurabh will follow up.

  #### Annual Elections
  - Nominations are ongoing: everyone from SC applied, plus one new nomination. Deadline on Friday.
  - Alex to send a slack reminder for nomination; SIG lead to provide emails, Alex to send a message to SIG leads.
  
  #### Community Meetup
  - Mayank update: last time, around 30 folks were present. Upper limit is 60. They have extra security officer to escort folks in the building.
  - When: last year, 24th of June (Friday). Would this time June 23rd. Tentatively accept. Alex: any major conference at the same time, holidays?
  - Andreas: for Europe, Friday leads into Sat morning; so maybe Thursday would be better.
  - Mayank: is there a way to select folks to really works in ONNX. Andreas, would there be a limit per company? Alex, that may be too restrictive.
  - Andreas: would there be a way to have interactive sessions over zoom. 
  - Mayank: registeration? Could not find it in last year's invite; Alex/Mayank belive that there was. 
  - Alex: would be key to have a mic for the presenter and video feed for the screen.
   
 #### Open topic
   - Andreas: see what we can get some support from LFAI at our level of contributions: maybe do a Linux course about ONNX.
   
  #### Next meeting (2023-04-19)
  - 1pm PT.
  - Moderator: Mayank.
