##  Meeting 04/30/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes  |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes  |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Andreas (TRUMPF), Freddy (Intel), Justin (MSFT), Javier (Intel), Rama (Microsoft), Kevin (NVIDIA)

Notetaker: Prasanth

#### Model with weights for different precisions
 - Being discussed in genAI working group but issue is more generic
 - Need to extend IR to support optimizations for different backends
 - Customers want to ship a single ONNX model that can work on different backends

#### ONNX 2.0
 - lots of changes being proposed
 - opportunity to package them

#### SIG updates at community meetup
 - 15 minutes per SIG to share progress and updates
 - GenAI working group as well
 - Consider having a ONNX 2.0 session with overview and how each SIG is contributing to that.
 - SIGs may want to present highlights of last year, which could be part of state of the union section
 - Saurabh to put together proposed agenda with session slots

#### Proposal to add ONNX Script and ONNX IR to ONNX GitHub organization
 - ONNX Script - package for efficienctly creating and manipulating ONNX models and functions in Python
 - split out ONNX IR from ONNX Script as separate repo/package
 - ONNX IR is code for manipulating the graphs, separate from IR definition in the main ONNX repo
 - onnxscript repo will be jointly owned by archinfra-SIG and optimization-SIG
 - SIGs approved
  
#### Steering Committee Elections
 - Nominations in progress until Monday. Currently we have 6 candidates
 - Need list of active contributors from each SIG and WG
 - Voting starts in May

#### Next meeting (2025-05-14)
 - Moderator: Alex
