##  Meeting 02/19/25

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | no |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | no |

Other attendees: Rama (Microsoft), Elena Baldes (Intel)

Notetaker: Alexandre

#### Chairs and Release manager
- Arch and Infra SIG has an open role for a Chair.
- Xavier and Andreas are the Arch and Infra SIG leads. Rama to create the PR.Steering committee to wait for PR.
- Rama: Need to merge the PR, Alex to do after the meeting.

#### ONNX Community Meetup 2025
- Intel to host ONNX Meetup on April 21st at Intel Santa Clara campus.
- Saurabh: Elena will be driving from the Intel side, will send "save the date" notice this week.
  - Please forward internally for additional publicity.
  - Mayank: welcome and happy to help Elena. 
- After that, send request for talk (should be in by next two weeks).
- Krishna met with Elena and Saurabh and shared all requested info.

#### Open
 - Schedule a one off meeting for all SIG leads to meet end of March. - Krishna
 - Discussion with Rama, and present SC members about the issues around ONNX model with custom ops, and the desire to be more nible with new operations esp with regards to LLM operations.
   
#### Next meeting (2025-03-05)
 - Moderator: Prasanth
