##  Meeting 01/08

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | No |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No |

Other attendees: Meng Tang (Microsoft), Andreas, Bhargavi (Intel)

Notetaker: Saurabh

#### Administrative
  - Andreas claimed the host key and removed the otter.ai user from the zoom meeting
  (Closed)

#### Review slides from Alex
  - Alex presented at LFAI TAC and it went well.
  - Besides a discussion from Intel everything went well. 
  - Saurabh will followup and report updates. He will provide Stefano details on value LFAI provides to ONNX community.

#### Opens
- Arch and Infra SIG has an open role for a Chair.
- Both Chair positions are open at this time.
- Liqun and Ke were formely holding these roles.
- As per Andreas no known immidiately tactical blockers because fo this gap.
- Need to plan for the spring ONNX release.
- Request all members to help invite nominations for the role.

#### LFAI Code Analysis
- https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/foundation/lf-ai-foundation/overview/github?project=lfai-onnx&routedFrom=Github&bestPractice=false
- ONNX repo is at 37% although onnx core is relatively healthy.
- Alex will start with ONNX-MLIR which will help other project owners with BKMs on resolving the remaining issues.

#### Community Meetup (Apr-June)
- Saurabh to check at Intel
- CFP and hosting the event.

#### Next meeting (2025-01-22)
 - Moderator: RamaKrishna?
