## Steering Committee Meeting 1/24/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | No |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | No |

Other attendees: Charles (IBM)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### LFX migration (Andreas)
- Sent some overview to ONNX General, our events have to be configured within LFAI, but it does not send messages automatically in GroupIO event calendar.
- Nathan wanted to simplify to the process, to edit/change it has to be done in both places.
- Still missing: Optimization SIG, and for Steering Committee with have 2. Any SIG Lead has to be also member of the Announce.

#### Which operators or function should be included in the standard.
- Andreas: should be discussed in the operator SIG but do some additional advertisement to make sure we have the relevant set of experts.
- Andreas: will email Rama to discuss if he needs help.

#### Model zoo SIG update
-    Krishna will share a PR and, discuss the proposal in Jan 26th Model Zoo SIG meeting.

### Other SIG leads (tabled for next week)
- Optimization SIG is meeting on Jan 26th.
- Model zoo SIG needs a co-leader
   - TODO: need to post on twitter, social, slack, etc
   - Andreas: it maybe for model zoo, tutorial, and/or web site.
   
#### Next meeting (2024-01-31) 
 - Moderator: Mayank
