## Steering Committee Meeting 05/01/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Javier Martinez, Ramakrishnan Sivakumat

Moderator: Andreas

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Event page: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-mark-your-calendars-for-the-onnx-community-meetup-2024-june-28th-2024-at-amd-san-jose/
- Call for papers page: https://share.hsforms.com/1HcnE9jr1TLGA1-w5IrMrMg4tvhy
- Communications going out tomorrow on social.
- Agenda outlined on Event page.
- Looking for topics for panel discussion.

#### Steering Committee Election
- Nomination period is over. There are 11 candidates.
- Alex discussed voting form with LF and if there are China contributors, then use old site. Otherwise can use opavote.com
- opavote.com was used for the generative ai workstream within LF AI & Data. Cost would be about 20 Dollar. Looks more confortable than our current setup
- What's the next step?
  - We need the list of contributors from all the SIGs
  - Andreas had sent out a call for SIG leads to update their lists of contributors.
  - Once we have the list above, we would send out the dates for elections.
  - Contributor updates need to be made at the google doc (Alex sent the link to the sig leads)
- List of contributors for SIG Compilers and Models/Tutorials are available
- Missing for SIGs: Arch/Infra, Converter, Operators, Optimizations

#### ONNX Release
- Plans for the next 1.17 release not started yet.
- Saurabh looks for a volunteer => otherwise Intel will do the next release

#### ONNX Special Release
- (Charles) Should we do a 1.16.1 release for a bug that prevents builds with older GCC versions (RHEL-8, gcc-8.5)
  - https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/6048
- Should bring this up in the Infra SIG
  - But the SIG only meets once a month
  - Charles to bring this up on #general and #onnx-archinfra Slack channels: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/tree/main/infra

#### Other topics
- Amazon Ads Team uses Onnx => maybe a talk at the onnx community
- Analytics were added to the webpage
- Still problems with the LFX/Groups.io system when deleting/moving appointments. Also the links in the emails do not match the links in the emails. => Unknown what the status should be or what developments there are. 

#### Next meeting (2024-05-15) 
 - Moderator: Saurabh
 - Consideration of holding a SIG Lead meeting at the next SC meeting. 
