## Steering Committee Meeting 07/24/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Javier Martinez (Intel), Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF), Charles Volzka (IBM)

Moderator: Krishna

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Retrospective 
  - OnnxRuntime-genai roadmap and development. Pytorch has made the GenAI roadmap. This is something that has an impact on ONNXRT. But welcome inputs for ONNX.
  - Proposal to Standardise contrib ops or implement them as local function. Follow-up in September. 

Recording Status
  - Recordings are being processed and have been uploaded to YouTube.
  - LFAI channels and LinkedIn will be used to announce their availability: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLNqLlwTfo322dCxabhV2Uf1-DnCuuIaUg
  - Add a wiki page with links to videos and slides similar to: https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/display/DL/ONNX+Community+Day+2023+-+June+28
  
#### ONNX Releases
  - Follow up on the infra sig for release updates

#### ONNX Proposal
- Interoperability challenges have shifted from frameworks to models for LLMs.
- MSFT is exploring standardization of APIs for LLMs, expanding its scope.
- MSFT is proposing how it will fit into ONNX.
- Mayank mentioned that OpenAI spec is pervasive and compatibility with OpenAI is important.
- Other initiatives are also inflight: https://github.com/kserve/open-inference-protocol
- Prasanth to check on public content for the proposal
- NVIDIA is working on a similar API for Open Inference protocol
- Can this be brought under the ONNX umbrella?
- Proposal to have a dedicated meeting to discuss this proposal - Mayank to set it up

#### Requests for SIG Updates
- Daniel from AMD will take over SIG owners.
- PR: https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/201

#### ONNX for Embedded Working Group
- PR for review - https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/pull/100
- Create a Slack channel, enable them to meet and share regular updates on the progress

#### Next meeting (2024-08-07)
 - Moderator: Prasanth
