## Steering Committee Meeting 05/15/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Ramakrishna Sivakumar (AMD), Kevin Chen, FreddyChiu, Philip, Javier, Charles (IBM), Justin Chu

Moderator: Saurabh Tangri

#### Steering Committee Election
- Election is over and results will be published
- Some issues related to voting with those who had voted in last elections.
- 30 votes were polled out of 63 participants.
- More companies were involved.
- All votes from companies were folded into a single vote.
- Results would be posted offline along with raw data.
- 9 out of 16 companies had single votes.

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Event page: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-mark-your-calendars-for-the-onnx-community-meetup-2024-june-28th-2024-at-amd-san-jose/
- Call for papers page: https://share.hsforms.com/1HcnE9jr1TLGA1-w5IrMrMg4tvhy
- Around 44 Registered attendees so far.
- Expecting close to 100 in person participants.
- Call for talks closes soon, so eveyone should encourage submissions.
- All logitics related to event remain unxchanged and on track.

#### ONNX Releases
- 1.16.1 patch release. This is targetted on 20th May 2024. 
- 1.17 release manager from Intel: Ravi Bhuchara from Intel will lead the effort.
- Conversations ongoing between IBM and Intel on next release.

#### SIG Updates 
- Optimization SIG : Neural Compressor has been migrated and repository is up and running. This should be a talk during annual workshop. 
- Model Zoo SIG : Manav@MSFT and Krishna is working on integrating better with hugging face Hub APIs.
- Model Zoo SIG : Discussions ongoing on usage and analytics.
- Compiler SIG : Adding support on MLIR CPU, IBM should also have a talk around this topic during workshop.
- Convertor SIG : Dynamo export path is being brought up, some open issues around coverage and performance analysis. Tracking TorchBench and Huggingface to track export coverage.
- Convertor SIG : Lower precision models don't have tracking right now and are primmarily centered around FP16.
- Infrastracture SIG : Covers Operators and can be a future topic.
- Preprocessing WG: Kevin will followup if it is still progressing. Tokenization and core operaots status needs a discussion in future.
- Multi Device WG : Sharding support ongoing and good progress. 

#### Next meeting (2024-05-29) 
 - Moderator: Prasanth
 - Consideration of holding a SIG Lead meeting at the next SC meeting. 
