## Steering Committee Meeting 06/26/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Ravi Bhuchara (Intel)

Moderator: Mayank

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- 7 member moderated panel
  - New attending companies: LM Studio, Positron AI
  - 6 panelists onsite, one remote
- ONNX Committee Presentation
- 85 registrations overall (remote + onsite)
- Signs posted at entrance, badges printed in advance.
  - Attendees will be escorted
- Need approval permissions for PRs

#### ONNX Releases
- 1.17 release manager from Intel: Ravi Bhuchara from Intel will lead the effort.
  - Charles went through the process with Ravi
  - Ravi is looking for dates to be finalized, guidance on the PRs.
    - Ravi to connect with the Arch/Infra SIG

#### Next meeting (2024-07-10)
 - Moderator: Saurabh
