## Steering Committee Meeting 02/21/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |

Other attendees: Charles (IBM), Krishna (AMD)

Moderator: Andreas

#### TAC Election (Alex)
- LF AI & Data Foundation Technical Advisory Council (TAC) Chairperson election.
- Vini Jaiswal (ByteDance) is the new chair

#### ONNX Community Meetup (Prasanth)
- Slack-Post from Krishna from AMD. "We would love to host the upcoming ONNX Community Meetup at the AMD campus"
- Bay Area (South San Jose)
- Plan: End of May, Early June (look for other conferences, that we have no conflicts...) => last week of June?
- Monday / Friday prefered because of traveling?
- Mayank will share his documentation (googledoc) about the organisation of the last event at the nvidia campus with Krishna

#### Steering Committee elections (Prasanth)
- Organize ONNX SC elections for 2024
- Timeline
  - Alex shared timeline
  - Alex and Andreas volunteered to run to election again this time.
- opavote.com was used for the generative ai workstream within LF AI & Data. Cost would be about 20 Dollar. Looks more confortable than our current setup
- No answer yet from the Linux Foundation to Alex's question about which voting systems are currently in use.  
- Alexandre will test the new system (opavote)
- Andreas will write Nathan, that we probably want to use that system for the next election

#### LFX migration (Andreas)
- Migration meeting with Rama and Nathan to solve some issus
- Various non-existent access rights have been fixed
- Optimization SIG was migrated to LFX. 
- Calendar entries regarding multi-device have been tidied up. (Goods defined as confluence events)
- Invitations, reminders were not sent to Mayank and Saurabh (Why? Possible solutions a) configuration in LFX, b) updates in groups.io?)

#### Model zoo SIG update (Krishna)
- Krishna will announce the next meeting to a broader audience (will sent some text to Andreas for linkedin / twitter)
- Option c): All Onnx should be uploaded i) to hugging face, ii) that own onnx model zoo
- Krishna in disucusion with hugging face

### SIG lead: Model Zoo / Tutorials
- Krishna would be happy to have a co-leader
- Saurabh mentioned there would be interest from intel (next meeting he will share a name)

### Next ONNX release (1.16)
- Feb 26th for code freeze
- Wiki page created, still updating the change log, reaching out different issues if they should be included in 1.16
- Release, 3 weeks later (March 18th)

#### Next meeting (2024-03-06) 
 - Moderator: Saurabh 
