## Steering Committee Meeting 07/10/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Raghavan Sarangapani (Intel) Charles V (IBM)

Moderator: Saurabh

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Retrospective 
  - Coarse grain kernel mapping from ONNX using functions
    Fragmentation in GenAI support in ONNX is a pressing issue. Krishna to engage on followups with Operators SIGs on ONNX functions.  
  - Separability of ONNX compute graph and weights
    Seperabilty will encourage wider adoption of larger models via ONNX. Krishna to sync with Mayank. Krishna to engage on followups with Operators SIGs on changes needed.
    TensorRT used a dummy weight model and then client app updates the weights offline. https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM/tree/main/examples/sample_weight_strippinghttps://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM/tree/main/examples/sample_weight_stripping
  - Improving availability of GenAI ONNX models. Already kicked off in Model Zoo SIG. Manav is contributing in engaging with hugging face.
  - OnnxRuntime-genai roadmap and development. Pytorch has made the GenAI roadmap. This is something that has impact for ONNXRT. But welcome inputs for ONNX.

Recording Status
  - Recordings are being processed and will be uploaded to you tube. Prasanth will give access credntials to Krishna for upload.
  - LFAI channels and linkedin will be used to annouce their avaialabilty.
  
#### ONNX Releases
- Security Patch status
  - 1.16.1 had security patches that were reported for 1.16.
  - https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/6215
  - PR was made this morning. Do we do a patch release based on severity of issue.
  - Infra SIG should decide and Charles plans to followup on making 1.16.2 if requested.
  - We need to ensure security vulnerabilities are reported using a differnt process. This report however didn't follow that process.
- 1.17 release manager from Intel: Ravi Bhuchara from Intel will be on sabatical amd Raghavan is following up.
  - Prasnath is assuming this is being discussed in Infrastructure SIG.

#### ONNX Proposal
- Interoperabilty challenges have shifted from frameworks to models for LLMs.
- MSFT is exploring standardization of APIs for LLMs, expanding its scope.
- MSFT is making a proposal of how it will fit into ONNX.
- IBM is aligned to the idea of calling LLM APIs to be standardized to enhace interoperabilty.
- Mayank mentioned that OpenAI spec is pervasive and compatability to OpenAI is important.
- Other initiaves are also inflight: https://github.com/kserve/open-inference-protocol
- MSFT can bringup the propsoal for review in next few weeks.

#### Requests for SIG Updates
- MSFT Thiago with Xavier Dupre owners
= Daniel from AMD will take over SIG owners.
- Request creating a PR

#### ONNX for Embedded Working Group
- Request a writeup on SIG, Goals etc. 

#### Next meeting (2024-07-24)
 - Moderator: Krishna
