## Steering Committee Meeting 09/18/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | No  |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | Yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No  |

Other attendees: Bhargavi Karunmanchi (Intel), Javier Martinez (Intel)

Moderator: Saurabh

#### Presentation on Digest AI tool from AMD
  - AMD working with LFAI legal to ensure license alignment

#### Ran out of time for the topics below:

#### ONNX Releases
  - 1.17: No blockers have been reported that can stall the release trens late Sep/early Oct

#### Inference API Proposal
  - Representatives sponsoring the proposal have chosen to explore other venues to standardize the APIs.
  - ONNX standard committee is open to any proposals if anyone is intrested in driving it.  

#### SIG/WG Updates
  - none

#### Open questions
 
#### Next meeting (2024-10-02)
 - Moderator: Ramakrishna?
