## Steering Committee Meeting 06/12/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | yes |

Other attendees: Charles Volzka (IBM), Daniel Holanda (AMD), Bhargavi Karumanchi (Intel), Javiez Martinez (Intel)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Event page: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-mark-your-calendars-for-the-onnx-community-meetup-2024-june-28th-2024-at-amd-san-jose/
- Call for talks page: https://share.hsforms.com/1HcnE9jr1TLGA1-w5IrMrMg4tvhy
- Call for talks closes on June 16th - need more talks, have 10 as of today. Good mix developers/customers, will send responses by the end of the week.
- 70-80 participants.
- Requested for pannels (heared back from MS, AMD, to hear back from IBM/NVIDIA). Participant can be remote.
- Will publish the details of the conference (probably Wed next week).
  - present live or by recording, communicated.
- Javier: do we have Open Sessions? Birds of a feathers? Special topic? Not at this time.
- Prasanth: will use template from the past about the SC presentation. Thoughts or ideas, something different? Please contribute.
  - Mayank: how do we start the process: Prasanth, use the deck from last year as starting point. Mayank has probably the info. Please share in the slack channel.
  - Ramakrishnan: gen AI is a hot topic, if we have something to report on this.   

#### ONNX Releases
- 1.17 release manager from Intel: Ravi Bhuchara from Intel will lead the effort.
- Charles: have not heard from Ravi, assume everything is fine.

#### SIG Updates 
- HF + Model zoo integration: created slack channel for collaboration
- will be adding models from MS. Collecting the list of folks the slack channel, and then start discussion the next couple of weeks.
- Janvier: progress to include the models from HS vs scripts. Ramakrishnan: that is why we want the slack channel to discuss this issue.

#### Next meeting (2024-06-26?)
 - Moderator: Mayank.
