## Steering Committee Meeting 03/20/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | no |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | no |

Other attendees: Charles (IBM), Krishna (AMD)

Moderator: Prasanth

#### ONNX Community Meetup
- Krishna has gotten everything setup on AMD side
- Working with LF to setup registration form
- Will post this message to social media to save date:
Mark Your Calendars for the ONNX Community Meetup 2024: June 28th, 2024 at AMD, San Jose
The LF AI & Data Foundation is pleased to sponsor the upcoming ONNX Community Meetup on June 28th, hosted by AMD at their campus in San Jose.
The agenda is packed with ONNX Community updates, engaging lightning talks, insightful round table discussions, and extensive networking opportunities to foster collaborations within the community.
If you are using ONNX in your services and applications, building software or hardware that supports ONNX, or contributing to ONNX, you should attend!
Stay tuned for detailed agenda and registration details ðŸ™‚

#### Steering Committee Election
- Andreas has the nomination form setup - will send out on 3/27 and close on 3rd monday of April per rules (https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/community/sc-election-guidelines.md)
- Alex discussed voting form with LF and if there are China contributors, then use old site. Otherwise can use opavote.com
- opavote.com was used for the generative ai workstream within LF AI & Data. Cost would be about 20 Dollar. Looks more confortable than our current setup

#### ONNX Release
- Release date 3/25 on track
- Haven't heard back from validators but no new issues opened up
- patch releases:
  - should be run by release manager of the major release the patch is for
  - need for a patch should be determined by Infrastructure SIG (which is responsible for releases)

#### SIG lead discusssion
- setup for next week or the following week, depending on availability
- goal is to discuss next release in June and major themes/features we want to deliver across the SIGs

#### Next meeting (2024-04-03) 
 - Moderator: Saurabh 
