## Steering Committee Meeting 11/13/2024

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes |
| Saurabh Tangri (Intel)          | Yes |
| Ramakrishnan Sivakumar (AMD)    | No |

Other attendees: Bhargavi Karumanchi (Intel)

Moderator: Alexandre

#### Administrative
  - Krishna to check with LFAI about the otter.ai user in all zoom meetings
    - still present today   
  - Krishna to check with LFAI about broken community calendar
    - link is still broken as of Nov 12.

#### Models zoo update
  - ONNX models continue to be published by different entities to different places
  - Not feasible to have a single model zoo
  - Better to have a Model Directory that links to repositories where models can be found
  - Maanav from MSFT has created https://onnxruntime.ai/models to aggregate the places where models are available
  - Krishna will work with Maanav to create a version on https://onnx.ai site
  - To be updated next time.
    
#### TurnkeyML update
  - many recent updates, including new turnkeyml-llm tool
  - linkedin post coming soon
  - education sessions to be setup for ONNX community
  - add links to turnkey tutorials from main ONNX tutorials page
  - To be updated next time

#### LFAI TAC presentation on State of ONNX
  - Planned for December 12 @ 9am EST
  - 15 minute talk
  - Highlight new additions since last review
  - Land the use of ONNX for powering new genai scenarios
  - Should cover ONNX from a product perspective rather than administrative

#### ONNX Releases
  - ONNX 1.17 - It was posted on ONNX.ai. We should consider posting on social media. Saurabh to post on Linkedin
  - ONNX 1.18: will need to identify a release manager.

#### Election topic
  - Saurabh: is there anything we can do to increase our diversity & participation.
  - Mayank: maybe we can propose that the current companies may have a more broad and diverse set of candidates.
  - Saurabh: the one vote per company may not represent the level of contributions.
  - Prasanth: idea was to have a level field that the companies that contributes the most have the most votes in the elections.
  - Saurabh: we may want to encourage companies to contribute more, if there was a criteria that encourage more contributions
  - Prasanth: if there was a process that encourage more participation, that would be good. Not sure also what is the process to change the election process.
    
#### Next meeting (2024-12-11)
 - Moderator: Mayank
 - One after, cancel for the rest of the year and rejoin on Jan 8th.
