## Steering Committee Meeting 9/19

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           |  |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         |  |


### Agenda:
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA**  
Feedback? Thoughts?

[Harry] here are some thoughts: 
1) Listserv should be set up as soon as possible. There were a lot of attendees who didn't get the official invite although their names were on the email list. It would be nice to set up listservs for WGs, SIGs, Steering commitee and Contributors. 
2) We should do a lot more outreach to developers. We can maintain a single calendar on onnx.ai to show the WG & SIG meetings where anyone who wants to participate can click and join meetings. A monthly update email using the listserv would be beneficial.
3) Social media (twitter) alone doesn't seem to be enough to reach the developers. We should use multiple channels like github readme, onnx.ai, etc.
4) Folks from Habana & Graphcore wanted to have dynamic shape implemented.
5) We should have clear division of labor re: preparation and presentation in advance for the workshop. 
6) Talk submission should have been done earlier, and Steering Committee should provide guidance for acceptance. 
7) MLIR came up as a potential feature to be implemented. 

* **Email list**
Vin, any update?

* **Topics for next week's meeting**  
* foundation WG update
* Election process finalization  
  Open issues:  
  1) How to maintain list of Contributors
