## Steering Committee Meeting 7/2

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           |  |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         |  |
 
### Agenda:
* **CLA update**  
[Joe]
* **Election rules update**  
[Harry]
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA updates**  
[Dilip]  
SIG and WG leads should present  
invited speakers  
technical breakouts
* **Guidelines for logos on onnx.ai**  
Prasanth published [draft](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/logo-guidlines-draft.md) - can we finalize
* **ONNX 1.6 release**  
