## Steering Committee Meeting 12/12

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           |  |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         |  |


### Agenda:

* **Website update**   
Staged for review: http://nmstaging.com/ONNX/

* **Legal entity status**  

* **LF AI meeting updates**  
[Harry] attended the Outreach Committee this month  
Prasanth made a mistake and thought TAC was once a month. It is actually twice a month. How do we want to rotate this?

* **LF AI onboarding item status** 
  *	Review project mail list information, confirm moderator(s) for each, and advise of any requested changes or additions  
      WG, SIG, Steering Committee
  *	Build out your wiki space, and create an LF ID if needed  
      static page at most
  * Caledar integration
  *	Coordinate meeting with LF AI for 2020 marketing plan review
  *	Review Getting Involved Guide and Technical Project Getting Started Checklist

* **Agenda items for next week** 
  * Merge updates from Training WG into master
