## Steering Committee Meeting 8/1

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Joe Spisak (Facebook)           |  |
| Vin Sharma (Amazon)             |  | 
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia)         |  |


### Agenda:
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA**  
Prasanth has sent draft of open call to Joohoon. Needs to be finalized and posted to onnx.ai and social media.  
Joohoon has the schedule for the day  
[Dilip/Joohoon]

* **Email list**  
[Vin]

* **CLA update**  
ICLA updated on all repos.  
CCLA missing [Joe]

* **ONNX 1.6 release**  
Discuss scope  
2 approaches:
1)	Make a date-driven release containing whatever is in master at that point.
We haven’t released in several months, so most people don’t have the latest fixes, ops, etc.
2)	Make it feature-driven and wait for some major feature to be added
Something like training, for example.


* **ONNX roadmap**  

* **Election rules update**  
[Harry] Uploaded draft of election guidelines. Please review and make inline comments to the [draft](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/election-guidelines-draft.md). 
