## Steering Committee Meeting 11/18/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |      |

Others:

### Agenda:

* Invited SC talks (15 mins) 
     * Kuberflow-On-Prem discussion
     * Other potential topics? RedHat ODH etc. 

* 1.8 release
     * Thank you Jacky for leading and completing!
     * Chin: Bumps - release WG may not be needed until a month before next release (pause?)
     * Chin: Travis new URL website - slow travis.org, move to travis.com (free)
     * Chin: Same issues wih TensorFlow converter
     * Asking who can chance the URL to travis.com - Chin cannot change

* Roadmap upcoming discussions (Harry)

