## Steering Committee Meeting 6/25/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |     |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |     | 

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Transparent process for Contributors and Approvers (Prasanth)
The rules for how to become Contributor and Approver are well defined by our open governance. However we don't have broad visibility to who the current Contributors and Approvers are, or the mechanics of proposing making changes to those lists. The lists are currently maintained as GitHub Teams (since they are also used for permissions) which are not visible to everyone. Suggestion is to have CONTRIBUTOR list for each SIG in the SIG repo. Whenever this list is updated (via a PR), the GitHub Team is manually updated. Using the PR process will make it transparent on who is nominating the candidate and whether the appropriate folks are signing-off.

* Quick followup items
  * License update MIT => Apache 2 DCO (Intel & MS done. More to come?)
  * ONNX Slack Workspace and Channel Feedback
  * Election candidates SIG co-chair interviews WIP. Vinitra to circle back this week. Ke will interview as well. 


* Next community meeting - August (host - time zone) Friendly for Europe Asia.

* Release WG (Chin) [[Notes](https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/aff76f912436c0ba5634f5db385d5fa712b63d9a/release/meetings/001-20200603.md)] (Chin to update)
  
* Communication discussion 
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai (Jim to update)

* Roadmap process discussion[[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  * Proposal from Harry: 
    * Keep the release aligned with a certain event (time based release). If there is a major feature in the works for the long term, then consider feature based release. 
    * Publically announce new roadmap suggestion & feedback collection after each release. Work with Steering Committee companies to provide active feedback. 
    * After feedback is gathered, open decision session to public. Decisions to be made by SC during the session. Report votes and reasons. Priortize features. 
    * Keep an ongoing feature request form to collect feedback even after the decision forum. 
  
  * Action: 
    * Connect with SIG leads for input. Deadline. (Needs assignment) 
    * Backtrack from August workshop date. Set timeline for announcement of roadmap plans etc. 
  * Ke: separate optimizer from ONNX. Take a phased approach. 
 


  
  
