## Steering Committee Meeting 8/6/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others: 


### Agenda:

* All current working items mapped to project within ONNX github. Please take a look and add any missing work items
* Roadmap for 1.8 and onward ([Doc link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22))
  * Discussion on process
    * Host public backlog gathering using the doc
    * Publich discussion on roadmap.
* Workshop:  Europe friendly time (6am PT - 10am PT is 3pm - 7pm Berlin time)
* Social media
