## Steering Committee Meeting 9/9/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |          |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |          |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |          |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |          |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |          |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Deprecate Gitter
  * Slack setup
    * add instructions to SIG and WG pages (Harry)
    * add instructions to onnx.ai (Ask Joohoon)
    * migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim)
    * Gitter channel post corresponding slack channel

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting 
  * Email invitation (linux foundation)

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * Duel license note recommended (Jim followed up with LFAI)
  * Enable github DCO (Prasanth)

   
 
  
