## Steering Committee Meeting 10/1/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |      |

Others: Thomas Truong, Ashwini Khade

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
  * Registration website ready
  * Updated speaker slots (10 mins each): OctoML slot pending
  * Followed up with SIG/WGs on presenting updates

* Gitter to Slack migration
  *Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * DCO enabled as build check on all repos. Will be made required before community meeting
  
* 1.8 Release (Target 10/19/2020)
  * Release manager: Jacky (Microsoft)
  * Validation plan?
  
* Roadmap discussion
  * Agree on topics that have bimodal priorty votes: preprocessing, e2e ML, ONNX IR => multiple IRs, op reference implementation
  * What is long term vision of ONNX? Stay as a spec? 
  * Follow up on engineering cost for high and med impact items. 
  


