## Steering Committee Meeting 6/11/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation) | Present? |
| ------------------------------- | --- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |  |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  | 

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Quick followup items
  * ONNX Steering Committee blog article. Social media announcement. 
  * License update MIT => Apache 2 DCO 
  * SIG open slot notification to SC applicants
  * Release WG updates 
  * Steering committee weekly rotation 
  
* Release WG (Chin) ([Notes](https://github.com/onnx/working-groups/blob/aff76f912436c0ba5634f5db385d5fa712b63d9a/release/meetings/001-20200603.md))
  * Validation dependecy: ONNX, ONNX Runtime, Converters 
  * Frequency and schedule
  
* Communication discussion 
  * Communication platform choice for ONNX SC, Contributors, and community. 
  * Emailing list: LFAI, @onnx.ai

* Roadmap process discussion
  1) Gather requests and ideas [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
  2) Decision making 
  3) Project timeline
  4) How to surface it to the community
  
  
