## Steering Committee Meeting 10/8/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |      |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |      |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |      |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |      |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting
  * Registration update
  * Outreach update 
  * Review introduction progress, roadmap
  * Review community speakers and presentations
  * Review SIG/Working group status


* Gitter to Slack migration
  * update on where we are (Jim)
  * Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * DCO enabled as build check on all repos. Will be made required before community meeting
  
* 1.8 Release (Target 10/19/2020)
  * Release manager: Jacky (Microsoft)
  * Validation plan? (Reach out to Chin - Harry)
  
* Roadmap discussion
  * onnx.ai/impact - top featured
  * Engineering costs
  * Long-term roadmap
  * Post community meeting, 4 roadmap scheduled (2 Asia, 2 Europe friendless)

* Additional topics - prep for 2021
  * Next year elections
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time)
 
  


