## Steering Committee Meeting 11/4/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Prep for 2021
  * Next community meeting (3 month lead time) - Start looking for host, and consider Asia friendly time
    Action items:
    - start a thread with Ke on event inputs (Prasanth)
    - follow up with LFAI on offerings for simultaneous translation (Jim)
  * Next year elections
    Action items:
    - draft a document for community involvement (Jim)
    - pull request for updating the vote mechanism (Harry)

* 1.8 release

* Upcoming roadmap discussions (Jim)
  * next week

* Model zoo for image classification (Harry)
