## Steering Committee Meeting 7/29/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others:


### Agenda:

* Next Steering Committee meeting at 9:30am Thursday August 6. 
  * Announcement to the community => Jim: distribution to ONNX mailing list. Harry & Sheng: Github & Social Media announcement. 
  * LFAI logistics => WIP (any update?)
  
* Slack follow up 
  * Tom: any update from call with Jacqueline? 

* Separating optimizer into it's own repo 
  * Prasanth: new repo - any update?
  * Agreed with the proposal. Owners: Fumi, Daqxian (Harry to fill out after the meeting) Harry: new proposal - any update? 

* ONNX 1.8 release
   * Chin: any update? Need a release manager: Nomination? Rotate?  
   * FYI opset versioning rule change: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/pull/2925
   
* Harry: suggestion to use Github project milestones
   * Harry: any update? Process description? Examples?
   * Github project vs Milestones? 

* ONNX social media (prasanth)

* Hosting roadmap discussion [[link](https://docs.google.com/document/d/14-b92ALTP9K1bzQl9bRXtrqri5RfixFBCMV8SwTVxn0/edit?ts=5eb43d22)]
   * Jim: Any updates? Do a meeting before next community meeting, and then have a read out?
   * Harry: Model ecryption proposal from intel 

* Community workshop planning - Europe friendly time (6am PT - 10am PT is 3pm - 7pm Berlin time)
  * Sheng: Any update? Identify host? Date?
  
* Other topics for future SC agenda consideration
  * Sheng/Prasanth: Where should ONNX Runtime live? Roadmap discussion?
  * Joohoon: ONNX Perf Test? Roadmap discussion?
  * Jim: Relicensing updates (WIP)
  * Prasanth: Contributor visibility (WIP)

