## Steering Committee Meeting 9/17/2020

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Intel)               |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Workshop - Wed Oct 14 7-10am PT - Next ONNX Community Meeting

* Gitter to Slack migration
    * WIP: add a new instruction page to onnx.ai on joining slack (Joohoon - WIP)
    * WIP : migrate gitter to slack one by one (Jim) - Finished inviting individuals.
        * Targeting gitter shutdown by community meeting.

* Relicensing to Apache 2.0
  * DCO enabled as build check on all repos. Will be made required before community meeting
  * All contributors to any of the repos need to use different process for making commits.
  
* 1.8 Release

* Roadmap discussion
  * actions from last week discussion
  * 4th discussion today

