## Steering Committee Meeting 04/29/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others:

### Agenda:

* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * No activity in 19 days for PR for onnx-tensorrt: https://github.com/onnx/onnx-tensorrt/pull/657
    * ETA?

* Marketing
    * ONNX 1.9 release blog: https://lfaidata.foundation/blog/2021/04/26/onnx-1-9-release-now-available/
    * Videos from March meetup being posted.
        * Prasanth posted first one on Monday to ONNX social media.
        * Second one today.
        * Can LFAI fix YouTube thumbnails?

* March Meetup survey
    * Survey sent out to attendees by LF AI on Monday
    * Add immediate survey after event, youtube upload in best practice. (Jim to add)

* [Election](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/community/sc-election-guidelines.md)
    * [Candidates](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/elections/2021/list-sc-candidates.md)
    * Announce candidates on 3rd Monday of April (Prasanth 4/22)
    * [Update list of contributors](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/elections/2020/list-contributors.md)
        * Prasanth worked with SIG leads to update active Contributors - done for Converters SIG, ModelZooTutorials SIG, and Operators SIG
        * Updates pending for ArchInfra SIG (https://github.com/onnx/sigs/pull/98)
    * Election starts on Monday May 3rd. How to notify voters?
        * Someone needs to turn the Contributor list into email list
