## Steering Committee Meeting 07/28/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |       |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |       |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |        |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |       |

Others:

### Agenda:
  #### Preprocessing and featurization Working Group
  - Proposal: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T_Fns6IhII1vUKa3RQEPvIJxTzhQ3Hkz2Hn2hj0ul8g/edit?usp=sharing
  - Name?
  - Chair(s)?
  - Participants?
  - Vote to approve:

  #### Roadmap discussion next steps
  - Received feedback from 5-6 people, Adam oracle labs, 2 users from IBM, Intel.
  - Solicitation channels: Slack and Website. 
    
  #### Community Meetup
  - October 6, 2021 8am - 11am (PST)
  - Intel/Rajeev hosting the community meetup
  - need to start thread with LFAI
  
  #### ONNX v1.10 release
  - Update from Rajeev Rao (nvidia) and Ashwini Khade (MSFT)

  #### GitHub community health
  - issues, PRs, response times
  - [Report](https://insights.lfx.linuxfoundation.org/projects/lfai%2Fonnx/dashboard;subTab=technical;v=issue-management%2Fgithub-issues%2Ftiming?filter=%23%2Fdashboard%2FGitHub-Issues-Timing%3Fembed%3Dtrue%26_g%3D(filters:!(),refreshInterval:(pause:!t,value:0),time:(from:%27now-1y%27,to:%27now%27))&time=%7B%22from%22:%22now-1y%22,%22type%22:%22datemath%22,%22to%22:%22now%22%7D)
  
