## Steering Committee Meeting 07/14/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  Yes     |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |  Yes     |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |  NO      |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |  Yes     |

Others:

### Agenda:
  #### Schedule Change
    -- Changing morning sessions to Friday morning from Thursdays. 
    
  #### ONNX Roadmap discussion
   - Received feedback from 5-6 people, Adam oracle labs, 2 users from IBM, Intel.
   - Solicitation channels: Slack and Website. 
    
  #### ONNX Community Meetup
    - (Intel/Rajeev) hosting the community meetup in October; online. 
    - Proposing Oct 6, 2021 as the date with european friendly time as previous meetup was Asia friendly time.
    - Meetup time from 8am to 11am (PST)
    - Wenming to Help with the promotion of the event.
      
  #### Preprocessing and featurization in onnx graph
    -Link to WG proposal for adding pre/post processing and featurization ops to ONNX
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T_Fns6IhII1vUKa3RQEPvIJxTzhQ3Hkz2Hn2hj0ul8g/edit?usp=sharing
  - Steering committee Identify people to help lead the working group.
  - Need operational schedule and goals.

  #### ONNX v1.10.0 release update in next week's SC
    - Rajeev Rao (nVidia) and Ashwini Khade (MSFT) to be invited for presenting progress/planned release 
    - Release branch cut on 7/21, partner validations started.
    - Validation includes MS internal teams, converters, and slack channel call out.
    
  #### ONNX customer adoptions
    - Dev Lead from DJL SERV sees strong adoption for onnxRT. https://github.com/deepjavalibrary/djl  
    - Onnx on Power architecture:  Alex to report back.
   

  
