## Steering Committee Meeting 05/27/2021
​
### Attendance:
​
| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | yes     |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            | yes     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               | yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |      |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |      |
​
​
| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  yes     |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  yes     |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |  yes     |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |  yes     |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |  yes     |
​
Others: Ashwini
​
### Agenda:
​
* Set up new rotation for incoming SC member
  * Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft)in 4 weeks
  * Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM) today
  * Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)   in 1 week
  * Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel).  in 2 weeks
  * Wenming Ye (AWS)          in 3 weeks (ask)
​
* ONNX 1.10 
    * Update - Ashwini created an issue to track the release: don't need to track in the future. 
      * Start again when we need a release manager.
      * There is an issue that keep track of all of the new features. https://github.com/onnx/onnx/issues/3490
      * Managed by the infrastructure sig, manager make sure it is on time.
      * Will plan for Ashwini to come next week to start a discussion on the longer term.
      * Ashwini: decide the release manager pretty late. We want to come up with a manager earlier. Can we come up now? Last time was Intel, Microsoft, IBM.
      * There is documentation on what the release manager needs to do, and we have past memebers that can help. The release pipeline has been greatly facilitated. Rest of the testing is in the community (specially converters). 
      * https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/OnnxReleases.md
      * https://github.com/onnx/onnx/wiki/Logistics-for-ONNX-Release-1.9
      * Ballpark estimate of time of work? Release manager does not do the work (SIG) but more drive the work. 
      * Mayank will see by next week if he can volunteer NVIDIA personel.
      * New features: optional types, support for them, 2 new operators, adding symbolic shape inference. Sparse tensor support? First added to standard, and then converters pick them up.
      * Do we want to have a process when we have markee features ahead of time.
      * We decided to have more than 2 releases a year to be more nimble, thus it is also not as many big features.
      * Rajeev: there are operators that are missing, is it too late to add them if we introduce them second week of June? 
      * For new operators, there is a list of tasks to perform. https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/AddNewOp.md
      * Propose to add deadlines for adding new features, to be discussed with the new release manager.
    * End of July or early August - features planned - tracking issue coming
    
* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * PR merged on 5/13 for onnx-tensorrt: https://github.com/onnx/onnx-tensorrt/pull/657 : closed.
​
* Marketing
    * Videos from March meetup being posted: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfasaeqXJBCAJMNO9HcHfbA/videos
    * What's next? Posted #3 last week, we can post #4 next. Prasanth will post to the next one set.
      * Jim: last video got 40+ views, more than before.
      * Prasanth suggest to mix user presentation and sig presentations
      * Prasanth can ask us to facebook, please share facebook to be added. If you have a last pass account, we can be added to the twitter account too.  
​
* Other Items
  * Roadmap, useful again? Process was to draft a set of questions, voting, then evaluating the work associated with each of the items.
  * Is there an effort to prusue ONNX and Pandas and other effort integrations. Wenming will follow up with folks associated to this project.
