## Steering Committee Meeting 07/14/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |  Yes     |
| Mayank Kaushik (Nvidia)         |  Yes     |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |  Yes     |
| Wenming Ye (AWS)                |  No      |

Others:

### Agenda:

  #### ONNX Roadmap discussion
   - Roadmap proposals from ONNX contributors still being accepted using the google doc & slack channel, window closes this week July 16 (EOD)
   - Discussions meetings to be held starting next week
   - Adjacent to SC meeting organize dedicated roadmap dicussion meetings after review in next weeks SC session
  
  #### ONNX Community Meetup
    - (Intel/Rajeev) hosting the community meetup in September
    - Proposing Oct 6, 2021 as the date with european friendly time as previous meetup was Asia friendly time.
    - Meetup time from 8am to 11am (PST)
    - Virtual meetup to be organized with help from LF AI
    - Jim has offered to help with finding a partner in europe zone to promote the event and co-host 
      
  #### Preprocessing and featurization in onnx graph
    - WG is going to be kick-off with call for contributors to participate
    - Review the 1-page proposal from WG and SC can officially approve prior to kickoff
    - (Mayank/nVidia) - will bring the 1-page proposal to SC meeting and will be discussed in next week's SC
    - nVidia will lead the WG, co-lead to be decided later based on ONNX contributor participation and interest level
    - DALI group is interested
    - Need to decide/agree what are the pre-processing ops to be introduced, eg: Resize
    - Template/details for WG proposal available at: https://github.com/onnx/working-groups

  #### ONNX v1.10.0 release update in next week's SC
    - Rajeev Rao (nVidia) and Ashwini Khade (MSFT) to be invited for presenting progress/planned release 
  

  
