## Steering Committee Meeting 01/27/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |        |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)               |        |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |        |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |        |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |        |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Licensing
    * Status and open issues

* Release 
    * Status and open issues (Ashwini and/or others) [Travis issue 1.8.1 - credits, paid tier, Jacky working on blocker]
    * Jim re John Mertic cross-project meeting - invite Ashwini, and others with interest to meeting/discussion
    * Ashwini - slack request for volunteers, no response [Alexandre (IBM) moved to Jenkins in IBM]

* Workshop (China friendly)
    * Ti Zhou from Baidu is host
    * March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * Ti Zhou confirms he can edit event wiki - https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=35160391
     
    * Announce and call for content:
        1. Create form for talk submissions (Jim)
        2. Update onnx.ai website and social media (Prasanth)
     
    * TODO:
        1. create agenda for event - line up speakers (TI Zhou with help of ONNX SC)
        2. add host to wiki (Ti Zhou, Baidu)
        3. drive registrations and participation (ALL)
        4. add zoom link to wiki
        5. other items? (Ti Zhou and ONNX SC discussions)

     * Landing page for workshops on onnx.ai (nicer looking website) - Harry

* Upcoming activities
     * ONNX Roadmap (Alexandre Eichenberger - IBM interested in helping)
     * ONNX SC Elections (Harry Kim)
     
* Other items
     * Future speakers - ONNX SC presentations (thanks to Ti Zhou and Baidu PaddlePaddle team last week)
     * Any interesting Slack community questions/conversations
     * Other items?
