## Steering Committee Meeting 03/18/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes      |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |       |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |       |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* Licensing status and open issues (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * [onnx/models#419](https://github.com/onnx/models/pull/419)
    * [onnx/tutorials#233](https://github.com/onnx/tutorials/pull/233)
    * Consulted with Scott Nicholas from LF AI for licensing.
        * Conclusion is that licenses should stay the same until re-contribution, and the SPDX identifier should identify what license each file is under.

* ONNX 1.9 release
    * Release manager: Michal and Ewa (Intel)
    * Timeline:
      * 03/25 - finish implementation of opset14 in ORT
      * 03/31 - Cut ONNX release branch, update ORT to commitid of release branch
      * 04/02 - ONNX release candidate published in pypi test| validation in ORT | community validation | converters validation
      * 04/12 - Ready for ONNX release

* March Meetup (China friendly)
    * Host: Ti Zhou (Baidu)
    * Time: March 25 8-11am CST (March 24 5-8pm PDT)
    * Presenters started uploading deck/recording.
    * Jacky's talk can be merged to Ashwini's SIG talk.
    * Talk to be shared on Bilibili.
    * AI: We should inform speakers that this is broadcasted on bilibili.
    * AI (done): Jim - Update LFAI event website with list of talks and details
    * AI: Registration ~65 people signed up so far, need to boost registration
    * AI (done): Sheng/Prasanth - Update onnx.ai website (https://onnx.ai/news.html#news56)
