## Steering Committee Meeting 04/15/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |       |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |       |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes  |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes  |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |       |

Others: 

### Agenda:

* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * PR left for onnx-tensorrt: https://github.com/onnx/onnx-tensorrt/pull/657
    * Review in process, NVIDIA will take care of the change

* ONNX 1.9 release
    * Release manager: Michal and Ewa (Intel)
    * Wiki: https://github.com/onnx/onnx/wiki/Logistics-for-ONNX-Release-1.9
    * Timeline - Update from Ewa on Apr 8
      * 03/25 - finish implementation of opset14 in ORT (Almost done. Still waiting on one op)
      * 03/31 - Cut ONNX release branch, update ORT to commitid of release branch
      * 04/02 --> 04/08 - ONNX release candidate published in pypi test| validation in ORT | community validation | converters validation
      * 04/12 --> 04/15 - Ready for ONNX release
    * Jim to ping Michal/Ewa and do a blog post for release 

* March Meetup reflection
    * Feedback from attendees via survey (questions needed)
      * Jim (WIP) - Survey - LF AI and Data Day - ONNX Virtual Meetup March 24, 2021.docx
      * LFAI will create a survey form (link) that can be shared
    * Fewer attendees 
      * Gather stats from LFAI on video clicks (Jim to follow up)
        * Not available this time. There is a plugin that has to be installed in Wiki, for next time, ask for plug-in
    * Upload playlist of videos to youtube/LFAI/BiliBili and promote the vidoes via social media 
      * Tag the authors on the video
      * Promote them on Twitter and Social Media
      * Where to Youtube for next meetup

* [Election](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/community/sc-election-guidelines.md) 
    * Prasanth update on social media and any next steps
    * Post election notice on social media & github (Harry to create the blurb and post on FB. Prasanth to post on Twitter)
    * Announce candidates on 3rd Monday of April (4/19)
    * [Update list of contributors](https://github.com/onnx/steering-committee/blob/master/elections/2020/list-contributors.md)
      * Update the list of contributors via slack by communicating with SIG chairs

* Other items - add below

   
