## Steering Committee Meeting 05/19/2021

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |  Yes     |
| Harry Kim (Facebook)            |  Yes     |
| Jim Spohrer (IBM)               |  Yes     |
| Joohoon Lee (Nvidia)            |  Yes     |
| Sheng Zha (AWS)                 |  Yes     |

Others: Bert Tang, Mayank Kaushik, Alexandre Eichenberger, Rajeev Nalawadi, Wenming Ye

### Agenda:

* Welcome 2021 ONNX Steering Committee
  * Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft)
  * Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)
  * Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)
  * Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)
  * Wenming Ye (AWS)

  * Questions 
    * Is there ONNX SC mailing list? - LFAI list is public, but we usually use direct e-mail among SC members

* ONNX 1.10 
    * Update - Ashwini created an issue to track the release
    * End of July or early August - features planned - tracking issue coming
    
* License update status (Adds Apache2 & SPDX license)
    * PR merged on 5/13 for onnx-tensorrt: https://github.com/onnx/onnx-tensorrt/pull/657

* Marketing
    * Videos from March meetup being posted: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCfasaeqXJBCAJMNO9HcHfbA/videos
    * What's next? Posted #3 last week, we can post #4 next.

* Update - ONNX LFAI day 6am PDT Thursday, 5/20 
