## Steering Committee Meeting 06/01/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) |   yes    |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    |      |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         |      |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         |      |
| Andreas Fehler (TRUMPF Laser)   |      |

Others: 

### Agenda:
  #### Steering Committee Election
  - Welcome Andreas!
  - Thank you Wenming!
  - PR for new steering committee published on github
  - Social: Prasanth to post
  - Website: we didn't do it last year
   
  #### Community meetup
  - Friday June 24th at Microsoft Silicon Valley campus (hybrid event)
    - Link for event: https://community.linuxfoundation.org/events/details/lfhq-lf-ai-data-foundation-presents-lf-ai-data-day-onnx-community-meetup-silicon-valley/
    - Link for talks: https://forms.office.com/pages/responsepage.aspx?id=v4j5cvGGr0GRqy180BHbR3LZwlB13h1Eq4bOWzh-2EpUNE5PUkhZM00yS1pHTEVPQzlXUlpaOEc2WC4u
  - Registrations:
  - Talks: 
    - steering committee should work on the steering committee presentation, vision why is exciting, what is comming up, set the tone for the overal project. Start 1st week of June.
  
  #### Help with ONNX PR monitoring
  - Need to encourage more people to be maintainers/approvers for managing PRs
    - Arch, infra and operators have lots of pending PRs.
  - Participating compaines should nominate people for these roles
  - People who have given presented in the past would be good candidates
  - SIG leads/steering committee members could come up with proposals
    - Mayank to send email to SIG leads asking for maintainer nomiations
    - All SC members to look for volunteer maintainers within their companies
  - tabled for next friday.
  
  #### Next meeting (6/10)
  - stop alternating times?
  - Moderator: Alex?
 
