## Steering Committee Meeting 07/06/2022

### Attendance:

| Name (Affiliation)              | Present  |
| ------------------------------- | -------- |
| Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft) | Yes   |
| Alexandre Eichenberger (IBM)    | Yes    |
| Mayank Kaushik (NVIDIA)         | Yes   |
| Rajeev Nalawadi (Intel)         | No   |
| Andreas Fehlner (TRUMPF Laser)  | Yes   |

Others: 
rgesteve

### Agenda:
  #### ONNX Community meetup recap
  - videos might be available next week at the confluence page

  #### Ongoing community outreach and talks
  - direct link to confluence pages
  - list with conference talks concerning Onnx
  - 
  - Alex: how can we make the landing page more user-friendly
   - How can we get started with Onnx
   - Template with simple model
   - QA-section
     - How and Why would a hardware vendor support Onnx
     - Alex: set of templates (p.ex. feature for hardware vendors, different topics...) 
     - Task-oriented
      - tf-model -> onnx
      - quantize model
      -      
  
  #### Help with ONNX SIGS
  - Mayank has identified some folks
  - join SIGs, become Contributors, become Maintainers 

  #### Roadmap plan 
  - How to decide which new idea to follow and which old idea to stop?
  - Full backlog of idea? limited resources. 
    
  #### Next meeting (7/6)
  - 10 min presentation from Intel about Neural Compressor
  - roadmap plan
  - Moderator: 
