### Biweekly Meeting 6/6
 
**Attendance:**
* Prasanth Pulavarthi (Microsoft): 
* Joe Spisak (Facebook): 
* Vin Sharma (Amazon): 
* Harry Kim (Intel): 
* Dilip Sequeira (Nvidia): 
 
**Agenda:**
* **CLA update**  
Now that we have open governance, we need to update the CLA. Joe has sent a draft of updated CLA for us to review
* **Election rules (need to establish within 3 months)**  
The open governance requires the bootstrap steering committee to public election process and rules within 3 months. Need someone to drive this so we can complete by Sept 1.
* **Summer workshop hosted by NVIDIA updates**  
Dilip, please share updates on how this is going and what is needed from others
* **Guidelines for logos on onnx.ai**  
Need someone to write up the guidelines for accepting logos for onnx.ai, both for the company logos and the product logos
* **Next steering committee meeting proposal (due to holidays and vacations)**  
* **SIG kick offs**  
 
